context	segment	gender
"Lecocq enjoyed an early success in 1856, when he and Georges Bizet shared the first prize in a competition for composers of comic opera, organised by Jacques Offenbach. "	" Lacking the connections to secure commissions from Parisian theatres, Lecocq spent the next decade in obscurity and routine work as a teacher, accompanist and répétiteur."	male
In 1866 he became an instructor in palaeontology at the University of Munich and at the same time taught Princess Theresa and Prince Arnulf of Bavaria. 	" Although an excellent teacher, and especially competent in practical work, Waagen, who was a most loyal Catholic, had little prospect of obtaining a professorship at the University of Munich."	male
"He is currently a visiting professor at King's College London where he works with the Policy Institute at King's, a visiting professor at the Cass Business School, a board member of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and a visiting fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. "	" Willetts is the author of several books on conservatism, including Why Vote Conservative (1996) and Modern Conservatism (1992), as well as numerous articles."	male
"In 1993 Jungnickel joined Augsburg University where he occupies the chair for discrete mathematics, optimisation, and operations research. "	 A reviewer notes that The author does a beautiful job showing and developing the practical applicability of the fascinating area of finite field theory.	male
He soon made a career change to costume and wardrobe. 	 Plunkett's first credited work as a costume designer was the 1927 film Hard-Boiled Haggerty.	male
"In 1999 The New Yorker chose him as one of America's most talented young writers, placing him on their 20 Writers for the 21st Century list.[citation needed] Of the novel The Ice Storm (later produced as the movie starring Sigourney Weaver), Hungry Mind Review commented that it “works on so many levels, and is so smartly written, that it should establish Rick Moody as one of his generation's bellwether voices. "	" It is also remarkably mature, containing far more insights about family life and far more wisdom than any 29-year-old author should reasonably possess."	male
"Through this piece and his other performance works, Brus hoped to reveal the still fascist essence of the nation. "	 Brus also was editor of the Schastrommel (author's edition) from 1969 on.	male
"Carlucci is asked for input, and he mumbles that the US government does not involve itself in the internal affairs of other countries. "	" At the time, Carlucci was the second secretary of the US Embassy in Congo."	male
"It finally leads him to union with Christ by exciting love for him as well as by pointing out the frailty of all creatures: It is necessary to leave the beloved thing for the beloved, because Jesus wishes to be loved above all things (Oportet dilectum propter dilectum relinquere, quia Jesus vult solus super omnia amari: II, xvii). "	" Though the book betrays that the author was well versed not only in Scholastic philosophy and theology, but also in the secrets of the mystical life, yet this fact never obtrudes itself on the reader, nor does it obscure the meaning of the contents."	male
Preparation for any role was very important for him. 	" The dancer says, It is desirable to know everything about the ballet, about the character, the composer, the choreographer – everything."	male
"In this time of personal crisis, he became famous In Hamburg for scrawling and scribbling all over the city, using mailboxes, billboards, traffic signs and subway stations and leaving whenever possible his business card: Peter-Ernst Eiffe, Wandsbeker Chaussee 305, 2000 Hamburg 22, including the phone number. "	 Eiffe was also magically attracted by the student movement.	male
"After the dentist takes Lavonia to the dental room, his nurse Flovilla kisses Lamar. "	 The doctor then switches places with the nurse.	male
"As Professor of Painting at the Royal Academy he gave a memorable series of lectures to the students of the Schools, published as Six Lectures on Painting (1904) and Aims and Ideals in Art (1906). "	 Clausen was an official war artist during World War I.	male
"In 1986, Nair rose to the post of Deputy Secretary at the Ministry of Trade and Industry where he was involved in the Uruguay Round of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) negotiations, as well as with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). "	" From 1989 to 1997, Nair was Singapore's Deputy Secretary at the Ministry of Defence."	male
Thereafter he was an inmate at Brandenburg-Görden Prison in Brandenburg an der Havel until 1945. 	" From 1945 to 1946, Seibt was the first secretary of the Brandenburg district leadership and a member of the KPD Brandenburg state leadership."	male
"In 1960, he married French-Canadian Janick Larouche, whom he met in a language class in Toronto, and with whom he had sons Pierre and Hans. "	" Professionally, Zündel worked as a graphic artist, photographer, photo retoucher, and printer."	male
He has two daughters and a son. 	 Vaiko is now the general secretary of the MDMK party.	male
"He was educated at Dungourney National School, Rockwell College, County Tipperary, and University College Dublin where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Politics and Psychology. "	" For a brief period in the early 1970s, Ahern worked as a secondary school teacher."	male
Kitani had his stroke when he was chatting with Go. Kitani died 6 months after. 	 Kitani was subsequently noted as the most prolific teacher ever of future professional players.	male
The Berlin Collection of Classical Antiquities in the Altes Museum contains the remnants of a series of his votive tablets. 	 Placing such an order with a potter and vase painter is likely to be unique in antiquity and is evidence of the high reputation of this artist.	male
At the end of the season he was again awarded the Young Player of the Year award as well as being shortlisted for ICC Emerging Player of the Year. 	" As well as the one day series against Pakistan, Cook was overlooked for the 2006 Champions Trophy squad."	male
"Robert von Zimmermann or Robert Zimmermann (November 2, 1824, Prague – September 1, 1898, Prague) was a Czech-born Austrian philosopher. "	 Zimmermann had been a student of Bolzano's.	male
"The year 1939 saw the publication of his best work, Matthĳs Maris: de tragiek van den droom ('The Tragedy of the Dream'), a biography of the painter Matthijs Maris, who was a brother of the Dutch artists Jacob and Willem Maris. "	" Two years later, Figuren en problemen der monumentale schilderkunst in Nederland ('Figures and Problems of Monumental Painting in the Netherlands') was published, again with designs by the author."	male
At the center of his music is the sound of what is real. 	" The sum total of these varying components is an awesome knowledge, consumed and then shared by an artist who is free enough to do both."	male
"Bates is a good and stylish writer; he has an ear for the pithy phrase, and reading him is generally a pleasure. "	" This book, based on original scholarship, vast knowledge of a rapidly changing global field, and the arcana of many loosely linked disciplines brings the skills and interests of its polymath author together for a supremely important purpose."	male
"“Dictators are stupid,” he noted, “They won’t necessarily read between the lines.” "	" As a young artist in Baghdad in the 1980s, Alfraji worked as an animator for children's television."	male
"After the war, he enrolled at the University of Louisville and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948 and a law degree in 1950. "	 Cook was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1957 and again in 1959.	male
"He attended the University of Hawaii, where he received his bachelor's and master's degrees. "	" Originally a high school teacher, Akaka went on to serve as a principal for six years."	male
	 A surrogate's life may be very similar to that of the author.	male
"By chance, the original maker, now a grown man, is working there as a local guide and he also sees the newspaper. "	" Each movement of the canoe is celebrated by a short chapter, suitable for reading aloud to a child and decorated with black-and-white sketches and at least one full-page watercolor, all by the author."	male
"His ashes were scattered in Cornish, New Hampshire, by his longtime friend Charles Platt. "	" Benediction (1923), now lost, gained greatest sum for a work by a living American artist"	male
"The author himself had no very high opinion of the work, remarking that he had written it chiefly for young students. "	" The Shulchan Aruch achieved its reputation and popularity not only against the wishes of the author, but, perhaps, through the very scholars who criticized it."	male
"In the midst of it, Kōji temporarily loses his voice and is forced to go back to his brother and family. "	" Due to the manga artist's illness, the manga ended at volume 19 without a proper ending."	male
"A third review, while not identifying any specific themes, said the author was layering his themes to make the book more exciting. "	 One of my goals as an author is to explore various aspects of human nature.	male
"Kucan appeared on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura on truTV, where he was enlisted by Ventura as the resident skeptic. "	 Kucan is the author of the novel Full Contact: The Collected Stories.	male
"He quickly discerned the genius of George Eliot, forthwith accepting and publishing in his magazine the first instalment of her earliest fiction the 'Scenes of Clerical Life,' which had been sent to him without the name of the author, for whom thus early he predicted a great career as a novelist. "	" This commencement of a business connection was soon followed by a personal acquaintance between author and publisher, which ripened into intimacy."	male
"Charles E. Dvorak of the C.A.A. then demonstrated his class, and from the 11-foot mark he competed alone, the other four men being tied at that mark. "	" After retiring from athletic competition, Dvorak worked over the next 35 years as a lawyer, apple farmer, civil servant, athletic coach and teacher."	male
"In a scene in the episode, Homer channels his anger into his art. "	" The scene is a reference to the 1959 comedy horror film A Bucket of Blood, in which an artist is screaming at a piece of clay to be a nose."	male
	 Cook was pressed into service as a player as a result of injuries.	male
"He's using his blood to make them interesting, but when you look at them they're what any four-year-old can do. "	 The photos gained praise for depicting a much cleaner and more handsome Doherty.	male
"Nor is Ḥiyya's authorship contradicted by various contradictions presented by individual passages in the Sifra as compared with the Tosefta, which latter also is ascribed to him. "	" If it is assumed that Ḥiyya is the author, the title Sifra debei Rav is to be explained as indicating that Sifra was among the midrashim which were accepted by Rav's school and which thereby came into general use."	male
"To function effectively, this presidential appointee must be able to maintain a relationship of mutual confidence and respect with two people who are central in our government and who both outrank him: the Secretary of State and the United States Representative to the UN. "	" If relations break down with either, the Assistant Secretary's usefulness is, of course, critically impaired."	male
Three of his stories have been adapted as episodes of the TV series Tales from the Darkside. 	 Outside of science fiction Kube-McDowell is the author of more than 500 nonfiction articles on subjects ranging from space careers to scientific creationism to an award-winning four-part series on the state of American education.	male
"As the investigation wore on, Horsmanden also came to believe that a man named John Ury was responsible. "	 Ury had just arrived in town and had been working as a school teacher and a private tutor.	male
"A few days later, Dr. Van Ness explains the situation to the Secretary of Defense, informing him that, in spite of all the setbacks, the project is still on schedule, and that a working model of the space station is about to be launched into orbit. "	 The Secretary notes with satisfaction: Nothing will take us by surprise again!	male
"In June 1842 he welcomed at Templeogue, four miles southwest of Dublin, the author of the Snob Papers on his Irish tour (the Sketch Book was, later, dedicated to Lever). "	 The author's character is not humour but sentiment.	male
"He is also a member of the group Dilated Peoples, as well as being one-half of Step Brothers with The Alchemist. "	" Before creating music, Perretta was a graffiti artist."	male
"He appeared as such by his work in three volumes, published in 1835 with the title: Observations sur le projet de révision du Code pénal. "	 This work could not miss drawing the attention to its author.	male
"In the 1950s, Mazniashvili's son, a World War II veteran of the Soviet army, submitted a request for a political rehabilitation of his father, but this was turned down by the authorities. "	 Maznashvili is the author of the popular Soldier’s Memoirs.	male
Davis was then sentenced to a six-month prison term where he was able to do some research. 	 Opinions expressed in this paper are the author's and are not necessarily those of the Bureau of Prisons.	male
"By studying the histolotgic sections of the teeth of animals, he inspired a new discipline: the histo-physiology of teeth and surrounding structures. "	 Schour was an innovative teacher who ensured that dental professionals were kept abreast of non-dental research in the other sciences by founding the annual Midwest Seminar of Dental Medicine.	male
"He delivered a paper at the First Migraine Symposium in 1966 on Migraine: from Cappadocia to Queen Square, combining his clinical interest with his love of history. "	" Critchley was a handsome and impressive figure, a superb speaker and a lifelong student of the human mind."	male
"After leaving the band, he ran a whole food shop for about five years. "	 Cullimore went on to become a journalist and author of over 120 children's books.	male
"Pronounced MacRorie, this student of a six-year undergraduate course (Medical school) incorporated every Celtic gene in existence into his personal appearance. "	" Following MacRuaraidh's adventures, we see the author's take on a student who clearly shouldn't have made it through medical school, but did."	male
"Aside from his work as a musician, Mickelson has worked as a writer for Scream Magazine in addition to his work as a graphic designer. "	 Mickelson is the lead designer for Scream Magazine and the Inferno Metal Festival.	male
"While the opposing team's starting lineup is announced, the student section shakes newspapers, and after each name chants, So What Who Cares Who's He? "	" Each time an opposing player commits a foul the student section chants the number of fouls that player has, and every time a K-State player sinks a three-point basket, the announcer says the name of the player followed by for, and then the crowd echoes three!"	male
"In addition, as understudy to Kenneth Sandford, he often played Private Willis in Iolanthe, King Hildebrand in Princess Ida, Pooh-Bah in The Mikado, Sir Despard Murgatroyd in Ruddigore, Wilfred Shadbolt in The Yeomen of the Guard, and Don Alhambra in The Gondoliers. "	 Cook was also known for crafting the Japanese-style fans used by D'Oyly Carte and numerous amateur G&S societies for productions of The Mikado throughout the UK and abroad.	male
"In September 1932, Unsöld became Ordinarius Professor and Director of the Institute for Theoretical Physics (and Observatory) at the University of Kiel – a position he held until his emeritus status was granted in 1973, after which he remained scientifically active for 15 years. "	" While a student at Munich, Unsöld was one of many of a long line of students who helped Sommerfeld explore and advance atomic theory."	male
"Today, the ordinary uniform for male undergraduate students consists of a plain white shirt with long or short sleeves and black (or dark blue) trousers. "	" However, a black tie with a silver phra kiao pin is usually used by upperclass student in some faculties."	male
"Born in Port de Grave, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada), he was the fourth of the seven children of Robert Prowse and Jane Woodley. "	 Prowse is the author of A History of Newfoundland which is considered one of the most complete and meticulous colonial history books in existence.	male
"After his time at Yale, he went on a Grand Tour of Europe between 1832 and 1833. "	" Pell had a passion for agricultural pursuits, and was a familiar figure in agricultural clubs and conventions, as well as an author of many valuable papers on fruit-culture and kindred topics."	male
"Senate seat two years earlier, died barely a year into his term. "	 Bloxham was named Secretary of State.	male
He left his position for personal reasons and took several clerical and accounting jobs. 	" After briefly serving in law enforcement for the colonial government, Gizenga became a teacher at a secondary Catholic school."	male
"After a long period of absence lasting more than a decade, he directed a film, Nerkkuneraey (Face to Face), in (2004). "	 Menon made a name as a versatile Poster Designer as well.	male
"In his 1997 report Shaping their future, Professor Barry McGaw was highly critical of the School Certificate. "	" Professor McGaw recommended that the School Certificate be abolished and replaced, for students leaving school, with a statement of achievement which would include each student’s results on statewide tests in literacy and numeracy as well as school-based results in all courses completed in Year 10."	male
"In 2006 he became Associate Professor at Istanbul Bilgi University, and in 2008 Professor of Turkology at the Institute for the Near and Middle East of the University of Munich. "	" Neumann is the author, publisher and translator of several books on the subject."	male
"He is the father of Simon Festing, the former executive director of the Research Defence Society, which focuses on supplying information about, and defending, the use of animals in medical experiments in the UK. "	 Festing is the author of over 200 scientific papers on laboratory animal genetics and related issues.	male
"Moberg himself was born on a farm just north-west of the town Emmaboda in 1898, where a monument stone now stands since 1970. "	 Nearby is also a small museum about the author.	male
"He moved to Fort Wayne as a small child, when his mother left his father. "	 Shriner learned to play the harmonica as a grade school student.	male
"For a brief period after his graduation, he worked as a stonemason, producing gravestones in Berlin. "	 Hartwig accepted the offer going on to serve as a teacher and head of the sculpture department from 1921 to 1925.	male
"He is also a fan of football and follows his hometown professional football team, FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. "	 Medvedev is an avid amateur photographer.	male
"In the United States, the song peaked at number 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart, the first hit for Presley since 1981, and extending his list of charted singles into the 21st century. "	" The sit-down sections of the special were a forerunner of MTV Unplugged, showing for the first time an artist in a casual setting."	male
"In his personal life, Student remains involved with both the Haredi and Modern Orthodox worlds in Brooklyn. "	" According to Student, I live in a moderate Haredi neighborhood, attend Haredi synagogues, send my children to moderate Haredi schools but still maintain professional and friendly relations with the Modern Orthodox world."	male
"The year 1912 also marked Spargo's only foray into American electoral politics, when he ran for the United States Congress in the 1st Congressional District of Vermont as the nominee of the Socialist Party. "	" At the 1917 National Convention of the Socialist Party, Spargo was the author of a minority resolution in the Committee on War and Militarism calling for American support of the Allied war effort as the least onerous alternative facing the socialist movement."	male
"This led to him being harshly attacked in the 1920s by the proletarian musician movement, especially by the representatives of the RAPM Russian Association of Proletarian Musicians and Prokoll (Production Collective of the Students at the Moscow Conservatory). "	" Roslavets was accused of being a counter-revolutionary and bourgeois artist, alien to the proletariat, as well as formalist, a class enemy and in the late 1920s and early 1930s, a Trotskyist, saboteur; etc."	male
Serrano agreed to the restaurant contract as long as he could have a tapas restaurant. 	 Serrano traveled to Spain to find a designer for the restaurant.	male
"Slap-guitarist Miyavi, who has his roots in visual kei, has toured worldwide extensively since 2008, when his This Iz The Japanese Kabuki Rock Tour 2008 tour covered a distance of approximately 48,385 miles, equivalent to almost two trips around the world, and the majority of the concerts were sold out and covered extensively by media organizations. "	 It was the most successful international tour undertaken by a Japanese artist in history.	male
"He dissected and illustrated numerous creatures; his anatomical drawing of a sea urchin is the earlier extant depiction of an invertebrate and he found important anatomical similarities between dolphins, pigs and humans. "	 Rondelet was a popular and effective teacher and lecturer and was elected chancellor of Montpellier University in 1556.	male
"There he met Lord Soulbury who had been appointed to lead a Commission to Ceylon, pressing his case for self-rule. "	 Goonetilleke became an unofficial secretary to the commission and significantly influenced it.	male
"He enjoyed the best goalscoring form of his career here, which earned him a move to English Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2009, where he made just ten appearances before returning to Austria. "	 Maierhofer was initially trained as a restaurant specialist/cook.	male
He continued to gain recognition as an applied artist due to his success at the Paris International Exhibit of the Decorative Arts in 1925. 	" After these wins, Brodovitch's career as an applied artist took off."	male
In 1930 he was promoted to Deputy Prosecutor in a local court in Brzeżany. 	" While Public Prosecutor, Lemkin was also secretary of the Committee on Codification of the Laws of the Republic of Poland, which codified the penal codes of Poland, and taught law at Tachkemoni College in Warsaw."	male
Bloom went on to write his thesis on Isocrates. 	" Grene recalled Bloom as an energetic and humorous student completely dedicated to studying classics, but with no definite career ambitions."	male
"In 1994, he began his union career as a trainee organiser under the ACTU's Organising Works program at the Australian Workers' Union (AWU), before being elected Victorian state secretary in 1998. "	 Shorten was elected as the AWU's national secretary in 2001 and was re-elected in 2005.	male
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet nurse; the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home. 	" When the Balzac children returned home, they were kept at a frosty distance from their parents, which affected the author-to-be significantly."	male
"Fernando Virgili (Cerreto Sannita, 6 September 1913 – Naples, 2007), first Duke of Castelvenere, is an Italian professor, veteran and artist. "	 Virgili attended technical studies and engineering and was a self-taught artist.	male
"Corbetta was the most significant guitar composer of his day (Gaspar Sanz called him el mejor de todos, or the greatest of all) and one of the first to publish in the mixed style. "	 Corbetta was also influential as a teacher.	male
"However, during this period he also became closely associated with the Christian Patriot movement on the right, and spoke at conferences sponsored by Christian Identity pastor Pete Peters. "	 Gritz is the author of three books.	male
He is best known internationally for his comprehensive two-volume The Structure and Reproduction of the Algae; However his A Treatise of the British Freshwater Algae was also important. 	 Fritsch became a co-author of the revised edition in 1927.	male
Various attempts have been made to clear up the error concerning the mention of Tyre as a subsequent bishopric of Methodius; it is possible that he was transported to Tyre during the persecution and died there. 	" Methodius had a comprehensive philosophical education, and was an important theologian as well as a prolific and polished author."	male
"In 1964 he became the first Executive Director of (as it was then) the Union of Liberal and Progressive Synagogues, now known as Liberal Judaism. "	" Brichto was also a prolific author, having written extensively in the Jewish and national press."	male
"Not only did he continuously treat new subjects, he is also known, upon popular demand, to have reworked at his Beyoğlu atelier some of his earlier studies of Damascus, Beirut and Egypt from sketches at hand, selling most of them to his Levantine clients. "	" During this formative period in the Turkish art of painting and its milieu, the artist was, therefore, far-removed from the new developments."	male
"According to al-Jawbari in his book Kashf al-Asrar (Unveiling the Secrets)members of the Haydariyya dervish order took Hashish before staging their performances of self-mutilation, in order to numb the pain. "	 The author was a conjuror whose writing was an exposé of not only magic tricks but also the 'dodges' of beggars and other 'low-life'.	male
"As part of the war effort Blickensderfer converted much of his factory to produce munitions for the war, including a machine gun belt feed for the French government and 50 caliber machine gun mounts for aircraft. "	" With the brilliant chief engineer and designer gone, the company could not continue, and the heirs sold the company in 1919."	male
"Five of Unaipon's traditional stories were published in 1929 as Native Legends, under his own name and with his picture on the cover. "	" They have been republished in their original form, under the author's name, as Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines."	male
"A precocious youngster, he was admitted to the Pharmacy School at the University of Buenos Aires at 14 years of age and subsequently to the Medical School of the same university from 1904 to 1910, beginning when he was only 17 years old. "	" While a third year medical student, Houssay took up a post as a research and teaching assistant in the Chair of Physiology."	male
"At Eton he developed an interest in ornithology, guided by science master W. "	 Piggy was a genius as a teacher ...	male
He was able to use this talent effectively when he became manager of the South African government's Native Labour Bureau and adviser to the Native Recruiting Corporation for the Chamber of Mines at a time of increasing industrial unrest. 	" Taberer was the Secretary for Zululand in 1894, an acting magistrate in Eshowe, Zululand in 1895."	male
"In clinical psychological practice in the United States, duty to warn requires a clinician who has reasonable grounds to believe that a client may be in imminent danger of harming himself or others to warn the possible victims. "	 Duty to warn is among the few exceptions to a client's right to confidentiality and the therapist's ethical obligation to maintain confidential information related in the context of the therapeutic relationship.	male
"During that time, he won two BBL championships as a head coach, one with the Birmingham Bullets in 1996 and one with the Manchester Giants in 2000, while also helping London Towers in the Euroleague. "	 Nurse also won the BBL Coach of the Year Award in the 1999–2000 and 2003–04 seasons.	male
"He worked on the topic until 1889, the knowledge he gathered being evaluated as particularly important for the period. "	" A good painter and drawer, Kanitz was also the author of a number of black and white drawings related to the life in the Balkans."	male
"It is added that he then retired to Virginia, but this is not known for sure, and he may have remained in Virginia, dying there at some unknown date. "	 Poyntz was the author of the following pamphlets:	male
Among the authors whose works he has examined are Edward Said and Yvonne Vera. 	" Zeleza is the author of scores of articles and essays and more than two dozen books, including the following"	male
Motl is described as having a natural talent for drawing cartoons – sometimes getting into trouble with people feeling insulted by his depiction of them. 	 Some episodes indicate that the author intended to have the character enter a journalistic career.	male
"Welles' main objection to the generally accepted translations of Nostradamus' quatrains (so called because Nostradamus organized all his works into a series of four lined prose, which were then collected into centuries, or groups of 100 such works) relates in part to the translation efforts. "	" While many skilled linguists have worked on the problem of translating the works of Nostradamus, all have struggled with the format the author used."	male
"At the age of eighteen he was received into the Order of Preachers at Rome, and made his religious profession in 1852 and studied philosophy at the College of Saint Thomas, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum. "	 From the beginning Zigliara was a student of uncommon brilliancy.	male
"In 1851, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. "	 This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Brongn.	male
Ørsted himself recounted how he influenced Zeise through conversations and encouraged him when he expressed the desire to take the university entrance examination (Examen artium). 	 Zeise became a university student in 1809.	male
"In 1971, the Military Selective Service Act was further amended to make registration compulsory; all men had to register within a period 30 days before and 29 days after their 18th birthdays. "	" Student deferments were ended, except for divinity students, who received a 2-D Selective Service classification."	male
"In 1957, he went to the United States to study at the University of California, Berkeley, and was a research assistant to Seymour Martin Lipset. "	 Etzioni is the author of over 30 books.	male
"Greene's repetitive, rambling free associations recall everything from his Halloween costume and old songs to ice cream parlors, state fairs and clothing fads. "	" Unfortunately, the author's dusty attic of lost Americana is cluttered with clichés, nostalgia and overly sentimental yearnings."	male
Goncharov used a lot of dialogue within his works. 	" Therefore, the characters in Oblomov reveal themselves primarily through their own speech, with very limited comments by the author."	male
In 2019 he joined the Slavic Department at Columbia University with a goal of focusing on contemporary Russian culture within the Harriman Institute. 	 Lipovestky is the author or co-author of five books and more than seventy articles.	male
"In 2012 and 2013, Cabrera was nominated by his team for the Roberto Clemente Award, honoring the MLB player who best represents baseball on and off the field. "	 Cabrera is both a Catholic and a practitioner of Santería.	male
	" Shortly before the events of The Empire Strikes Back, Dengar works as an assassin and falls in love with the dancer Manaroo."	male
It is his first non-fiction book. 	" The author notes in the foreword of the 1994 reprint of this book that medical practices (both the culture, technology and finances) have changed significantly since the book was written, but that the text was left as is to give us a more complete glimpse into the past."	male
"Seriously interested in joining pro sumo, Nakamura was interviewed at a number of stables before graduating, and upon finishing university, he joined Miyagino stable. "	 Nakamura became an attendant and apprentice to yokozuna Hakuhō.	male
"He is reputed to have led a secluded Islamic life as a marabout until his death on 14 October 2017 in Sévaré, aged 77. "	" It was met with wide critical acclaim, winning the Prix Renaudot that very year, the first African author to do so."	male
"Apart from his parliamentary activities, Bellenger wrote a column for the Sunday Pictorial under the byline Voice of the Services. "	" When the Labour Party returned to government with a landslide at the 1945 general election, Bellenger was appointed Financial Secretary to the War Office."	male
"He accompanied Friedman in his numerous tours of China, and was present when Friedman met with Chinese leader Zhao Ziyang to discuss economic reforms. "	 Cheung was also an avid photographer.	male
"When Birmelin retired in 1950, Buesgen was given Birmelin's post - a position he would hold for the remainder of his life. "	" Buesgen also actively worked as a piano, organ and voice teacher in Allentown, and served as organist and choirmaster for a number of local churches."	male
"The story of GPA's downfall is told by Christopher Brown, aviation lawyer and GPA Senior Vice-President, in his 2009 book Crash Landing – An Inside Account of the Fall of GPA. "	 It is based on a contemporaneous diary of events kept by the author from 1990 to 1996 while employed by GPA and subsequently GECAS.	male
"He contacted Lawrence Weschler, a writer at The New Yorker, and helped organize Shapinsky's first one-man show, at London's Mayor Gallery. "	" As a result, Shapinsky became a 'revived artist' as an abstract impressionist."	male
"Wiinblad illustrated the work of his fellow Dane, Hans Christian Andersen, when he took on the task of providing the artwork for The Swineherd(195 ) which won an award from the American Library Association. "	 Wiinblad was an important designer for the Rosenthal porcelain company.	male
"The title page introduces the book as the history of King's-Place and other modern nunneries, with authorship by a monk of the Order of St Francis, and containing their [the nunneries'] mysteries, devotions and sacrifices, comprising also, the ancient and present state of promiscuous gallantry: with the portraits of the most celebrated demireps and courtezans of this period: as well as sketches of their professional and occasional admirers. "	 The modern nunneries the author describes are contemporary high-class brothels.	male
"Under the clouds from the gas chambers, as he put it in his seminal work on Juan Gris. "	" Kahnweiler was very prolific as an author, but never produced a full autobiography."	male
"But it is the potential insight into the sonnets' chronology, through the relationship of this to Time's pencil and my pupil pen, that is the focus of the debate: George Steevens regards the words as evidence Shakespeare wrote his sonnets as a youth; for T. W. "	" While in general terms Time is in this line a form of artist (rather than a destroyer, as elsewhere in the cycle), its exact function is unclear."	male
"To cure the psychological maladjustment, [it's necessary] to catch him in his true state. "	" Blummer was surprised by these provisions, saying, I don't know of any time when such monitoring has been used on an artist."	male
"In 1849, he was appointed to a teaching post in Ajaccio (Corsica), then in 1853 moved on to the lycée in Avignon. "	" Fabre was a popular teacher, physicist, chemist and botanist."	male
"A year later, he finally took up residence at Bourges, where he remained till his death in 1590, in spite of a handsome offer made him by pope Gregory XIII in 1584 to attract him to Bologna. "	 The life of Cujas was altogether that of a scholar and teacher.	male
"As one of the largest conservationist organizations in the country,[citation needed] The Wilderness Society has contributed to nearly all major designations of lands to be entered into the wilderness system.[citation needed] The Wilderness Society was incorporated on April 30, 1937, by a group of eight men who would later become some of the 20th century's most prominent conservationists. "	" Yard became the Society's first secretary and the editor of its magazine, The Living Wilderness."	male
"In the course of this work, he discovered that not all gases expand equally when heated and that Boyle's Law is only an approximation, especially at temperatures near a substance's boiling point. "	 Regnault was also an avid amateur photographer.	male
"Before the marriage, Chagall had difficulty convincing Bella's parents that he would be a suitable husband for their daughter. "	 Becoming a successful artist now became a goal and inspiration.	male
"He is now a choreographer and dancer, and he is a member of the dancing group Oyaji dancers, where oyaji is a faintly derogatory Japanese word literally meaning dad but also used for middle-aged men in general. "	 Suzuki made a brief appearance as a dancer in the video for the song O!	male
"He returned to France and died on 22 July 1877 in Poitiers, while caring for his father. "	 This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Wedd.	male
"In September that year, he was appointed a deputy secretary in the Department of Supply, rising to the rank of full secretary by 1945. "	" Patel became Home Secretary under Vallabhbhai Patel in 1946, serving till 1950."	male
"He moved to Sarajevo in September, 1909, and worked as a curator and later administrator at the National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina, this period started his intensive years of working. "	 Ćorović was also a secretary of the Serbian cultural society „Prosvjeta“ in Sarajevo and organizer of its annual publication (Calendar) of 1911.	male
"In a 2019 interview with CNBC, he told how he sees great potential with Lyft and even though the company went public in 2018, he is bullish on the company and will be invested in it for a long time. "	 This marks the first time an honor of this kind has been bestowed upon a rap artist.	male
"But Wilders did not want to cooperate, the Dutch right splintered, and Spruyt decided to end his brief political career after six months. "	" After leaving politics, Spruyt entered a life as an independent consultant, journalist, teacher, writer and speaker."	male
"The student confesses he does not know, with the ethical precept, answering with untruth, when one does not know the answer, is wrong. "	 The student asks sage Pippalada the same question.	male
"The Polish writer Bolesław Prus, for the sake of making a point, introduces into chapter 63 of his historical novel Pharaoh, set in the ancient Egypt of 1087–1085 BCE, a substance that behaves like gunpowder. "	" Another apparent anatopism introduced by the author (in chapter 45) is an object that resembles a telescope, that may also be an anachronism."	male
"He also campaigned for the British government to do their part by preserving a Second World War airfield in its original condition for future generations to see, and for the history of each airfield to be recorded fully and the men and sacrifice never forgotten. "	 The book took 18 months to compile and drew upon the author's knowledge and experience working in airfields and documenting their history.	male
"Although he has done boxing and mixed martial arts, he is mainly a football player, playing twice a week. "	" As an elementary and high school student, Cuenca played as a football varsity player for PAREF Southridge School."	male
"Startide Rising is a 1983 science fiction novel by American writer David Brin, the second book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by Sundiver and followed by The Uplift War). "	 It was revised by the author in 1993 to correct errors and omissions from the original edition.	male
"In 1994–95, he conducted a research project for the New York Times on how to transform the print newspaper into a multimedia publication. "	" Ritchin is a prolific author and curator, focusing on digital media and the rapid changes occurring in photography."	male
"If this was a court of law, there would have been nothing proven, Goldstone said, emphasizing that his conclusion that war crimes had been committed was always intended as conditional. "	" Nevertheless, the report itself is replete with bold and declarative legal conclusions seemingly at odds with the cautious and conditional explanations of its author."	male
	 McKay was elected student body president in 1916.	male
"This affected his view of the overall relationship between the sexes, and of course his writing. "	" The play, called by Strindberg the child of my greatest pain, reflects the author's observation that life is an illusion, similar to a dream."	male
"CP Leblond was born in Lille, France, in 1910, the son of a building contractor who died when Leblond was only 10 years old, leaving his mother to raise four boys on her own. "	" A brilliant student, Leblond debated becoming a film producer, an architect or a scientist."	male
"In 1912 the novel Dry Valley (Суходол) came out, his second major piece of semi-autobiographical fiction, concerning the dire state of the Russian rural community. "	" Again it left the literary critics divided: social democrats praised its stark honesty, many others were appalled with the author's negativism."	male
"At the end of her first year at the University of Manchester, Hallinan appeared in the first of two series of the cult TV drama Sugar Rush for Channel 4, based on the Julie Burchill novel. "	" While at Manchester, Hallinan was actively involved in student drama."	female
"With the packed house at The Week Rio, and an audience of about three thousand people, Gil celebrated the anniversary of her show and pre-release of his DVD/Blu-ray which hits stores in August: It's eight-year career and three of them working on this show. "	 Today I am an artist mature and aware enough of my segment.	female
"Continuing to throw after the 1980 Olympics, she set the masters world record in the W35 division that has stood since 1980. "	 Melnik graduated from the Moscow State University of Medicine and Dentistry and later worked as a dentist and athletics coach in Moscow.	female
"While it must be admitted that the secret, when disclosed, smacks rather of The Thousand and One Nights than of modern international rivalry for scientific talents, it may surely be excused on the ground that it provides Mrs Christie with a story-tellers holiday from the rigours of detective fiction. "	" Readers may regret the absence of the tonic logicalities of crime's unravelling – though clues are not altogether missing – for the secret service story belongs largely to Adventure, but in their place is the author's obvious pleasure in the wider horizons of the more romantic genre."	female
Her home town held a sponsored canoe event (canoeing from Pewsey to Bath where she was training) to help raise the money. 	" Rudman also spent some time as a supply teacher at Devizes School, a secondary school located in Devizes, Wiltshire."	female
"In 1979 she was invited to the Netherlands where her pictures were exhibited in different museums and galleries in Deventer, The Hague and Rotterdam for the duration of one year. "	 Çokay worked 17 years as a teacher for art and art history in high schools and spent ten years giving private painting lessons in different gallery studios.	female
Vos and her sister Elly were separated from their parents during this period (relating to her book Hide and Seek). 	 After the war Vos became a kindergarten teacher.	female
She wrote for the New York Evening Post until 1928 - the first woman to serve as music critic for a New York daily newspaper - and gave guest lectures throughout the 1930s. 	 Samaroff developed a course of music study for laymen and was the first music teacher to be broadcast on NBC television.	female
"She appeared as the housekeeper in The Bishop's Wife (1947) with David Niven playing the bishop, Loretta Young his wife, and Cary Grant an angel. "	" Lanchester played a comical role as an artist in the thriller, The Big Clock (1948), in which Laughton starred as a megalomaniacal press tycoon."	female
"As an adolescent, Tanno's responsibilities included caring for her baby sibling. "	" Tanno desired to enter school to become a teacher, but there was not enough money to do so."	female
"Both concerts were commercial success, selling out on both tour dates, and made her one of few top-drawer Japanese artists to hold a concert at the Tokyo Dome. "	" With sales from both the concert and album, Hamasaki was recognized as the top selling artist of 2001 with over 24 billion yen."	female
"Schmidle was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, She lived in Newtown, Connecticut with her husband and family and was involved with the Newtown Parent Teacher Association. "	 Schmidle served as the president of the Connecticut State Parent Teacher Association.	female
The evidence is never considered as the doctor's nurse interrupts the conversation to tell her employer that she must visit her sick father. 	" The nurse drives through a rainy night, meeting a military tank on the road that is apparently hunting foxes."	female
Kim began working on the characters for her first book during her MFA program at Columbia University. 	" At first, I thought I was writing an interconnected short story collection that would span three generations, but in my last semester my teacher convinced me that I should write a novel about the first generation."	female
The image of a nurse depicted by the media is typically of a female being over-sexualized as well as diminished intellectually. 	 The over-sexualized nurse is commonly referred to as a naughty nurse and is often seen as a sex symbol or nymphomaniac.	female
"In 1993, she earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative writing from Brown University "	" The literary journal Granta asked booksellers, librarians, and literary critics to nominate who they believed to be the country's best young author."	female
"She is a divorced single mother with two children who lives in Pont-de-l’Arche, Normandy. "	 Levavasseur is a trained nurse's aide.	female
"Gough lives and trains in Calgary, where she attended high school with other top athletes, at the National Sport School. "	" Currently, Gough is an engineering student at the University of Calgary."	female
She studied German studies at the University of Warsaw (1985–1988). 	 Kozryra received a Paszport Polityki award in 1997 as the most promising artist in Poland.	female
"She had another affair with a local man during a stay with her daughters in Samoa in 1989; when she returned she discovered Pat was also having an affair, which she accepted. "	" A prolific artist, Bewick paints in oil, sculpts, and works with cloth, but is most associated with watercolours."	female
"The Swan is an American reality television program broadcast on Fox in 2004, in which women who were judged to be ugly were given extreme makeovers that included several forms of plastic surgery. "	" Each contestant was assigned a panel of specialists – a coach, therapist, trainer, cosmetic surgeons, and a dentist – who together designed a program of total transformation."	female
"Mishol has lectured and taught creative writing at Ben Gurion University, Tel Aviv University, and the Hebrew University in Jerusalem where she also served as Poet-in-Residence (2007). "	 Mishol is the author of 16 volumes of poetry.	female
"In August 2019, she was elected secretary-treasurer of the SAG-AFTRA union. "	" Manheim was elected to the secretary-treasurer position with 16,047 votes."	female
Inagaki specialized in the Edo period and taught Sugiura how to do the background surveys that would later ensure the historical accuracy of her manga and other works. 	" Sugiura was the assistant of Murasaki Yamada, a prominent feminist manga artist."	female
"She created costumes for La Traviata at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York (1998), at the Teatro de la Maestranza of Seville in Spain (1999) and later in Rome (2007) and Messina (Teatro Vittorio Emanuele, 2018), always directed by Zeffirelli. "	 Gaetani has been very active also as a costume designer for ballet.	female
"Dharitri Terangpi (born 24 February 1996) better known as Babie and Nirdhar, is a woman Royal Enfield bullet biker from Guwahati, India. "	" Terangpi is a competitive motorcyclist, long distance rider and photographer."	female
"Already in mid-December 1943, she resumed her duties as manager of the children's section of Żegota. "	" During the Warsaw Uprising, Sendler worked as a nurse in a field hospital, where a number of Jews were hidden among other patients."	female
"From 2000 to 2003, she served as mayor of Stratford, Ontario. "	 Haslam was a teacher and librarian before entering public life.	female
"As early as the late 1820s and early 1830s, she and her sister began opening infant schools in northeastern Ohio. "	" After obtaining a degree from Oberlin College in 1840s, Cowles began a formal career as a teacher."	female
"The author previously had translated existing works and wrote her own books, including novels. "	" The author conducted interviews, including of Kawashima's relatives who were still alive."	female
"However, Carey expressed in several interviews that due to the strenuous nature and the sheer difficulty of her songs, she feared a tour with back-to-back shows would not be possible, aside from the long travel times and constant travel. "	" During this time period in music, it was traditional for an artist to release a studio album every two years in their prime, allowing the singles to fully promote the album through airwaves, as well as television appearances."	female
Her younger brother said that she was suspected to be affected by work pressure before her death and that the principal had many unreasonable demands. 	" Moreover, the principal did not propose a suicide treatment plan or condolences for the teacher’s family."	female
Her works have been praised by Anne Jordan and Chris Searle for her literary value and political engagement. 	" Shinebourne is the author of novels, short stories, and essays."	female
President Jimmy Carter appointed her to be the first United States Secretary of Education in 1979. 	" As the first Secretary of Education, Hufstedler's agenda has been depicted as being focused on strengthening state and federal interrelationships, as well as educational equity."	female
"Meanwhile, she had left the Democratic Party, after having criticized Matteo Renzi's policies and joined Giuseppe Civati's Possible. "	" After Civati's resignation, Brignone was elected the new Secretary of Possible."	female
"In both letters she quotes from such classical figures as Aristotle and Tacitus, and she draws from various Greek and Roman myths. "	" Speght's was the first of three responses to Swetnam's tract, and was the only one published under the author's actual name."	female
Much of the book is irrelevant to Miss Peters's central thesis. 	 The author's linguistic and scholarly abilities are open to question.	female
"The two women decide to rob the hypermarket and give the proceeds to Manny, who can pay off the cops with the stolen money and need never fight again. "	" After lifting the day's takings from the cashier's office at gunpoint, they try to walk out through the crowded store, until two of the management start shooting."	female
"The revision of her fame and status as an author began in the early decades of the 18th century and led to manifest defamations in the 19th and early 20th centuries: she became seen as a scandalous female author who, some critics audaciously asserted, did not deserve to be ever read again. "	" Later critics, however, looked back on the conclusions of Richetti and others were short-sighted and perhaps even outright misogynistic and more reflective of their era than of general historic scholarship on the author as an important political satirist."	female
"The women now pursued their educational project with smaller groups, using suitably sized rooms in the homes of the more relatively well-to-to backers. "	" After further wrangling, they managed to find and recruit a qualified teacher with the necessary teaching permit and in 1856 opened a proper school, centrally located in Hamburg, which at the outset welcomed sixty pupils."	female
She joined a gang for protection; she also studied ballet and began working in the theater by the age of eleven. 	 Franceschi was cast as a dancer in the 1978 film Grease.	female
"Author and critic Robert Greskovic describes a common understanding of her gifts, Nowhere near the beauty and exemplar of her art that Pavlova and Spessivtseva were, Bronislava Nijinska (1891–1972) instead began to make her mark as a choreographer. "	 Nonetheless Nijinska must have truly excelled as a dancer.	female
In 1986 Pelletier composed and recorded her first album Premier Contact which received a nomination as Discovery of the Year at the Félix Awards. 	" This was followed by 150 performances and some music videos, establishing Pelletier's career as a Quebec artist."	female
"One example is that UHRC women's groups often hold group Annaprashan ceremonies (a ceremony wherein a child is first fed food other than milk), incorporating curriculums surrounding ante-natal child care. "	 UHRC also trains group members on reaching out to private and public healthcare providers such as Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs) and Anganwadi centers to run health camps in their communities.	female
"Materials included photos of a female target either showing a neutral expression, felt smile, false smile, or miserable smile. "	 Researchers found that the student pictured as smiling received less punishment than did the student who did not smile despite the fact that the smiling student was not seen as less guilty.	female
Soon after World War II she traveled abroad to Paris. 	 A 1960 solo exhibit in Zagreb was the first time an American artist had mounted such a show in Yugoslavia.	female
"Professor Dame Sarah Cowley is a British district nurse and academic, specialising in the field of health visiting. "	 Cowley started a career in Eastbourne as a health visitor and practice teacher.	female
"Returning three days later, she had no memory of where she had been or what she had done and she was again physically punished. "	" Five years later, Beaubier's application to become a teacher of history and geography at the school was accepted."	female
"She illustrated the books The Works of Jesus (1909) by Edna S. Little, Love in a Dutch Garden (1914) by Neith Boyce, More Fairytale Plays (1917) by Marguerite Merington, Gertrude Crownfield's Heralds of the King (1931), and Justine Ward's Sunday Mass (1932). "	 Delehanty was a prolific designer of bookplates.	female
In 2008 she won the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award which is administered by the Swedish Arts Council. 	 The book contains many sex scenes and Hartnett was almost immediately outed as the author.	female
"Between 2007-2010, Drexler worked on a series in which the imagery became more abstract, leading her to her current body of abstraction. "	" These are rare works, which show an artist struggling with and for the spirit.”"	female
She received a Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for her performance in the film Brink of Life (1958). 	 Dahlbeck retired from acting in 1970 and became an author.	female
She was also appointed Dame of Grace of the Venerable Order of St John. 	 Outside politics Aberconway was a talented artist and horticulturalist.	female
"Koolmatrie learned her craft in the early 1980s from elder and weaver, Dorothy Kartinyeri. "	" Their coiled bundle technique uses local spiny-headed sedge (Cyperus gymnocaulos), known to the artist as bilbili and river rushes, and Koolmatrie is credited with saving the traditional Ngarrindjeri craft."	female
"Following Congressional passage of the amendment, Friedan advocated for ratification of the amendment in the states and supported other women's rights reforms: she founded the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws but was later critical of the abortion-centered positions of many liberal feminists. "	" Regarded as an influential author and intellectual in the United States, Friedan remained active in politics and advocacy until the late 1990s, authoring six books."	female
We were two artist girls who didn't have our business together. 	" Jovovich further explained, I'm an artist."	female
She is assisted by her three day-shift orderlies and her assistant doctors and nurses. 	" McMurphy constantly antagonizes Nurse Ratched and upsets the routines of the ward, leading to endless power struggles between the inmate and the nurse."	female
"Returning to the area of her upbringing, in April 2014, Solis formally announced a campaign for a seat on the non-partisan Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. "	" As Supervisor, Solis successfully lobbied the state to allocate funds for the Exide battery plant cleanup."	female
"After retiring from active competition, Cheryl married her wife Kalen Curtis on February 28, 2014. "	 Haworth is also an artist and has a sold a number of paintings for hundreds of dollars.	female
"Andrews was granted a leave of absence from her librarian's job in March 1911, and when she failed to return, Bertha Proctor was permanently appointed to take her place in May. "	" At that time, the librarian's salary was $35 per month."	female
"Splendiano asks the merchant to replace the dancer with Djamileh, while being certain that she will soon be his. "	" Veiled, Djamileh enters in the dancer’s costume and, shy and nervous, makes to leave."	female
"By 1889, she was the secretary of the Central National Society for Women's Suffrage, but this position was given up for an even more congenial one, that of organising secretary, under Lady Henry Somerset, of the British Women's Temperance Association. "	 Balgarnie was the author of A plea for the appointment of police matrons at police stations (1894).	female
"Akhras' father found employment with an Israeli construction firm and was able to build a three-story concrete house, where Akhras and her four brothers and six sisters were raised. "	 Akhras was a straight-A student and had hopes of attending college and becoming a news reporter.	female
"This is a book full of vaporous, French-intellectual prose that makes Teilhard de Chardin sound like Ernest Hemingway by comparison; but that is not a criticism, because the author likes that sort of prose and has taken lessons in how to write it, and she thinks that plain, homely speech is part of a conspiracy to oppress the poor. "	" This is a book that clatters around in a dark closet of irrelevancies for 450 pages before it bumps accidentally into its index and stops; but that is not a criticism, either, because its author finds it gratifying and refreshing to bang unrelated facts together as a rebuke to stuffy minds."	female
Her musical influences range from ragtime to folk to trip-hop and everything in between. 	" Nalick did perform in 2005 on The Tonight Show, making sure to invite the teacher to the audience."	female
"In the early years, Emmanuel was a day college preparing women for professional fields such as education, nursing and social work. "	" Despite being commuters, students were involved in numerous co-curricular activities including student publications and athletics."	female
"However, she was part of the Soviet national team that set a team world record of 1152 in this discipline in 1985. "	 Ashumova is a teacher at the Azerbaijan Institute of Physical Culture in Baku.	female
"She is a professor of psychology at Florida Atlantic University, where she directs the Language Development Laboratory. "	 Hoff is the author of a popular textbook Language Development.	female
Her body was moved to Paris. 	 The local dancers began leaving their worn pointe shoes on the Montmartre grave as a tribute and thanks to the first pointe dancer.	female
Another important device 	" The pianist uses these techniques to establish the musical content as firmly in the mind as possible, replacing note-to-note technical concentration--and the attendant note-to-note musical attention--with accomplishment of the larger musical phrase."	female
"She was a student of Chinese art, literature, and sociology. "	" Ayscough was a lecturer on Chinese art and literature and was the author of eight books on Chinese history, culture, literary criticism and translation."	female
"Both had handled her previous novel, We the Living. "	" According to Peikoff, [Macmillan's] comment was: the author does not understand socialism."	female
"Back in Brazil, she concentrated on the founding of the country's first large-scale Braille publishing press. "	 The educator also turned to the regulation of education for the blind.	female
The topic of her prize-winning essay was same-sex marriage. 	" Darville is reported to have worked variously as a graphic designer, property law lecturer, and physical education teacher."	female
Canright was critical in the development of the JPL program and laid the foundations for other women to work in a field which was previously closed off to them. 	" Canright was an exceptionally smart student during high-school and took upper level classes, most notably in math and Chemistry."	female
"In 1982, the Animal series enabled Rheims' to train her lens on another form of nudity: that of stuffed animals with fixed stares, which seemed to want to express something beyond death. "	" With Modern Lovers (1989-1990) [note] the photographer questioned gender, androgyny and transsexuality."	female
"In 1668, plays by women began to be staged in London. "	" The performance ran for six nights, which was regarded as a good run for an unknown author."	female
"In late August 2018, during the Chemnitz protests following the murder of a football supporter, the far-right group calling themselves Pro-Chemnitz organized by Pegida and Alternative for Germany carried banners with pictures of murder victims, among which was the photo of Lösche which led to her family initiating legal action against those who used her picture to further an anti-immigration agenda. "	 Lösche was a student at the University of Bamberg in Bavaria.	female
"After the release of her Kiesha'ra Series, Atwater-Rhodes revealed that the first four novels she wrote, In the Forests of the Night, Demon in My View, Shattered Mirror and Midnight Predator, were part of the Den of Shadows series. "	" The book is set in and around the author's home town of Concord, Massachusetts and in the realm of Nyeusigrube."	female
Here she met many artists and musicians and became interested in dance. 	" Post trained as a teacher, and went to work in a small town in Massachusetts."	female
"In October 2005, Wightman was indicted in Boston, Massachusetts for practicing psychology without a license, filing false health care claims, and engaging in insurance fraud after local FOX affiliate WFXT did an undercover investigation into her therapy practice. "	" Under unusual provisions of Massachusetts law, Wightman had been allowed to practice as a psychotherapist, not as a psychologist."	female
"Work on them will be funded using Patreon, as mentioned in her blog. (as Michelle Sagara, Luna Books) Kaylin is a young woman with a complicated history. "	" The books tend to be more procedural than the author's other novels, but with an underlying, driving plot."	female
"I am so afr(aid) that S.I. (governess Sofia Ivanovna Tyutcheva) can speak ... about our friend something bad, Anastasia's twelve-year-old sister Tatiana wrote to their mother on 8 March 1910. "	 I hope our nurse will be nice to our friend now.	female
"The Supervisor begins to develop self awareness through it, identifying itself as a female personality and taking on a humanoid female form, becoming a gynoid. "	" The Supervisor takes control of Electrocorp's facilities and infects the other droids of the plant, raising them to break routine and initiate a mutiny."	female
	" Unbelievable voice, great dancer and so very beautiful."	female
"After coming in second in a Japanese music competition in 1984, Ogawa attained third prize in the 1987 Leeds International Piano Competition, which launched her international performing career. "	 Since 1997 Ogawa has been an exclusive recording artist for BIS Records.	female
"'I’ve always hated jumping and rolling on the floor' she says 'I like the jarring, the angular, the distorted... "	" Aggiss returned to the stage in 2010 with a full length performance lecture, Survival Tactics, originally called Survival Tactics for the Anarchic Dancer."	female
"Anne Elwood, from her Memoirs of Literary Ladies: It was her invariable habit to write in her bed-room, – a homely-looking, almost uncomfortable room, fronting the street, and barely furnished – with a simple white bed, at the foot of which was a small, old, oblong-shaped sort of dressing-table, quite covered with a common worn writing-desk, heaped with papers, while some strewed the ground, the table being too small for aught besides the desk. "	" A little high-backed cane chair, which gave you any idea but that of comfort, and a few books scattered about, completed the author's paraphernalia."	female
She often uses herself and her family as models. 	 The Canopy Series (1987) draws on experiences from the artist's own family.	female
"The publication offered a feminist perspective on librarianship, a profession consisting predominantly of women working environments where management roles were overwhelmingly held by men. "	 Emergency Librarian was prompted by heightened interest in feminist ideas among members of the Canadian Library Association following a 1973 talk Cheda gave at the association's annual conference.	female
The wife would also need to maintain certain household style that indicated a wealthier lifestyle. 	" There are assumptions such as that every house would have, at least, a housekeeper and multiple children."	female
"In 1840, she was divorced from the Cologne bookseller Matthieux. "	 Kinkel was an author of considerable merit.	female
"One of those was Geertruida (Truus) Meuleman, who lived on the same street as Peaux and was the daughter of the rector of the local gymnasium. "	" Meuleman was educated to be a teacher, and the two shared a love for Scandinavian literature and landscape."	female
"During the same year, Pausini released her first Spanish-language album, Laura Pausini, a compilation of ten adapted versions of hits from her previous albums, issued by Dro Records. "	 Pausini was the first non-Spanish artist to achieve this result.	female
"She had her first pieces of journalism published in The Review, the official student newspaper of St. "	 Ivins later became co-editor of the arts and culture section of the student paper.	female
Hoshino's illustration involving Allen often have threads related covered with threads as she aims to show the fact that he is not only related to the fact that he is always associated with God as well as the fact that he is bound to exorcise Akumas. 	" During production of the first anime adaptation, the author often visited the TMS Entertainment studio, where the voice actors requested advice about their characters."	female
"She has four grandchildren and continues to reside in Asheville, where she lives with her second husband Jim Aycock, former publisher of Black Mountain News. "	 Keever was a teacher for over 25 years.	female
"You cannot label it, and I think that’s what she loved. "	" After seeing everything come together during the opening night dress rehearsal, costume designer Rousteing was moved to tears."	female
"In the early stages of her career, she produced some beautiful woodcuts for Cassell's Magazine, which her husband edited, and for Good Words. "	 Haweis was also an author.	female
"As her interest in entertainment developed, Angela and her sister would often put on shows, reading poems or performing popular music for their family. "	" At Boca Ciega High School, Bassett was a cheerleader and a member of the Upward Bound college prep program, the debate team, student government, drama club and choir."	female
"Due to her father's wide recognition in the music industry, legend artist Mohammed Abdel Wahab gave Angham the copyright of his track Basbosa (Cute Girl) to remake it in her new debut record. "	 Angham was the first artist from the 1980s to be given a song from a legend artist.	female
Albers was inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame in 1994. 	" Albers was a designer who worked primarily in textiles and, late in life, with printmaking."	female
"This depiction of her likely caused some critics to perceive her simply as a young, decorative model who was working with an older established male painter. "	 Gonzalès was Manet's only formal student and also modeled for several members of the Impressionist school.	female
The reception of Clara Viebig's work was interrupted during the Nazi era because of her marriage to a Jewish publisher. 	" Since the end of the 1980s, the author's works have experience a deserved renaissance - even in the Eifel region."	female
"On May 10, 2015, Zubiri married her longtime boyfriend Andy Smith in New Manila, Quezon City. "	" After a few sexy flicks, Zubiri became a GMA Network artist, appearing as a regular cast in Bubble Gang, a sketch comedy television program."	female
"In Schwikert's first year of competition for the UCLA Bruins gymnastics team, she won the NCAA National all-around title. "	" Schwikert was sidelined for most of the 2005–2006 season due to a shoulder injury requiring surgery, but remained a student at UCLA and a member of the team."	female
"According to Moira Ferguson, the history of surnames for this period suggest that her surname was probably derived from the Anglicized French Anjou,. "	" Anger, whose poem on the author appears at the end of the volume, was a relative or spouse."	female
"Maria Lea Carmen Imutan Salonga, OL, (/ˈleɪə səˈlɒŋɡə/; born February 22, 1971) is a Filipina singer and actress, best known for her roles in musical theatre, for supplying the singing voices of two Disney Princesses (Jasmine and Mulan), and as a recording artist and television performer. "	 Salonga is the first Filipino artist to sign with an international record label (Atlantic Records in 1993).	female
"The only time her name appeared on the ballot was the federal campaign of 1925, when she received 84 votes. "	 As a music teacher Sharp was gifted.	female
"Unlike the heroine of the novel, she did not survive, but is commemorated in the church. "	" According to the preface, the work is a romance and not a historical novel, because the author neither dares, nor desires, to claim for it the dignity or cumber it with the difficulty of an historical novel."	female
Doolan announced her retirement from competitive golf on 10 August 2012. 	 Doolan became a golf teacher after leaving the touring scene.	female
"The popularity of the Harry Potter series has translated into substantial financial success for Rowling, her publishers, and other Harry Potter related license holders. "	 This success has made Rowling the first and thus far only billionaire author.	female
"She began law school at University of California, Hastings College of the Law, before eventually receiving her Juris Doctor from the University of Utah. "	" Before becoming a public official, Achtenberg worked for more than 15 years as a civil rights attorney, nonprofit director, and legal educator."	female
"The 11th century Vishnu temple at Trikodithanam, and the Kidangur Subramanya temple, have several sculptures of female dancers in Mohiniyattam pose. "	" The 16th century Vyavaharamala by Nambootiri contains the first known mention of the term Mohiniyattam, in the context of a payment to be made to a Mohiniyattam dancer."	female
"Cherryh, set in her Alliance-Union universe, in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union, the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. "	" Chronologically, the book follows immediately after the author's Downbelow Station and is one of Cherryh's series of Merchanter novels."	female
"Well constructed, full of intriguing ideas, never short of insight, her stories and novellas are always a bit too preposterous, stiff and uninspired, showing little knowledge of real life. "	" Serving as embodiments of ideas and concepts, they are genuinely crafted marionettes put into action by the author's hand, not by their own inner motives."	female
"Because Ekenvall wanted to maintain the neutrality of the organization and not support political factions, she wrote to women from all walks of life, like Inga Thorsson and Barbro Alving asking for their support in the drive to create an international research center. "	" When the management of the Gothenburg City Library was transferred from the Gothenburg Municipality to state management as the Gothenburg University Library in 1961, Ekenvall transferred to the new organization and in 1968 was appointed as the head librarian."	female
"In November 1938 she teamed up with Marie Pappenheim to establish the Cercle Culturel Autrichien (loosely, Austrian cultural circle). "	 It was financed from Spiegel's earnings as a gymnastics teacher.	female
"Eu was elected Secretary of State of California in 1974, becoming the first Asian American woman ever elected to a state constitutional office in the United States. "	 Eu was elected Secretary of State five times.	female
"Cook was declared legally blind in the second grade because of severe astigmatism, but wore contacts and thick glasses to correct her vision. "	" A dancer from age four, Cook began taking jazz, tap and ballet lessons."	female
"In Autumn 2016, Anohni presented My Truth, the largest exhibition of her work to date, across seven rooms at the Kunsthalle Bielefeld in Germany. "	" Anohni was artist-in-residence at European Capital of Culture, Aarhus 2017."	female
"If she were more comfortable singing higher, then the teacher would probably classify her as a soprano. "	" A voice teacher, however, would never classify a singer in more than one voice type, regardless of the size of the vocal range of the singer."	female
"In 2017, McHardy co-organised an event with Susan Deacy and Katerina Volioti for the Women's Classical Committee UK on 'Bullying and Harassment in UK Classics Departments: Finding Solutions'. "	" McHardy is the author of Revenge in Athenian Culture (Bloomsbury, 2008); and has co-edited the following four volumes:"	female
"However, the Librarian sadly admits that she believes the Ur-Didact to be beyond redemption. "	 The Librarian spares humanity from extinction after their war with the Forerunners.	female
The court in Nykøbing found it proven that Hansen had given her sick and weak patients lethal doses of morphine and diazepam. 	" At the time of the judgment, the nurse appealed to the national court for a declaration of dismissal."	female
"At her mother's urging, Karsavina chose to graduate ahead of schedule in early 1902. "	 They desperately needed the small income Karsavina would receive as a dancer with the corps de ballet.	female
"She is Professor Emerita of English at the University at Buffalo, where she taught from 1974 to 2000. "	" Kahane is the author of Passions of the Voice, a study of narrative and the strategies of hysteric discourse."	female
Chiziane's writing has often been defined as political and feminist. 	 Writing for this author is a mission.	female
She also unsuccessfully tried to open the rear right door that was jammed  	" Finally, another flight attendant succeeded in opening the rear left door allowing several passengers to be evacuated before the fire propagated itself."	female
"She came 19th in the Eurovision contest.[citation needed] A fourth internal selection followed in 2014, with Molly Smitten-Downes, under her artist name of Molly, being chosen to represent the UK with the song Children of the Universe, written and composed by Smitten-Downes herself. "	" However, Smitten-Downes was an unknown artist who was chosen through the BBC Introducing scheme."	female
Her dissertation was Regaining Control over Cloud and Mobile Data. 	" As a graduate student, Geambașu led the Vanish project for handling self-destructing data."	female
"Cook and Dickerman made this their home and Eleanor had her own room, although she rarely spent the night. "	" Cook, an expert woodworker, made all furniture."	female
"In 2014, a librarian at the southern California campus of Everest College quit her position when she learned a student she was assisting could only read at the third-grade level, may have a developmental disability, and was unlikely to find work in his chosen field. "	 The librarian resigned out of principle after an unsuccessful attempt to resolve the issue with administration.	female
She is Playboy's Playmate for October 1994. 	" Zdrok is also a non-practicing attorney, a clinical psychologist and sex therapist."	female
Initially the girl was panicky but she eventually calmed down when she realized that her situation was safe. 	" Flooding therapy is not for every individual, and the therapist will discuss with the patient the levels of anxiety they are prepared to endure during the session."	female
She was department chair from 2015 to 2018. 	" Rivière is the author of the book Discontinuous Galerkin methods for solving elliptic and parabolic equations: theory and implementation (SIAM, 2008)."	female
"She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for her performance. "	" Lumley, who has one of the most recognised voices in the UK, has gained prominence as a voice-over artist."	female
It centers on an inquisitive girl who is carefully molded by society to become an obedient bride. 	 This book was the result of ten years of researching the life of the photographer and political activist.	female
"Sherman works in series, typically photographing herself in a range of costumes. "	 Bus Riders (1976–2000) is a series of photographs that feature the artist as a variety of meticulously observed characters.	female
"s central storyline revolves around Rebecca Miyamoto, a child prodigy homeroom teacher, and the antics of her class 1-C. "	" Though the story hardly strays from the focus of the four first-year classes labeled 1-A through 1-D, the mishaps that occur in them, the teacher's lounge, and on school trips also become sources of material for topical allusions regarding satire, anime, Internet, gaming, and popular culture."	female
"She also played in chamber ensembles, and her Ofelia quartet was chosen to perform in the final concert of the master class course given by the Amadeus Quartet. "	" Still a student, Brava acquired substantial orchestral experience."	female
"Soon after she helped form Amici Forever with which she released two successful albums, The Opera Band (2004) and Defined (2005). "	 Maswanganyi is also active as a solo artist on both the concert and opera stages.	female
By 1989 Daulne had spent several years singing in Brussels in jazz cafes when she decided to create a group to merge the cultures of her life and in 1990 founded the group Zap Mama. 	 Daulne couldn't work as a solo artist.	female
"Two years later, when Hunt was promoted to the Arizona Tax Commission, Mofford followed her boss to the new position. "	 Mofford returned to the Tax Commission in 1947 as executive secretary.	female
A publication called the California Employment Law Letter described the case as follows: The dancer based her suit on the fact that she was an employee of the nightclub rather than an independent contractor. 	" The appellate court, however, after applying a 10-factor test, upheld the jury's verdict in favor of the nightclub and its owners and found that the evidence weighed in favor of classifying the dancer as an independent contractor rather than an employee."	female
"Together, their presence in the household gave Kamaladevi a firm grounding and provided benchmarks to respect for her intellect as well as her voice, something that she came to be known for in the future. "	 Kamaladevi was an exceptional student and also exhibited qualities of determination and courage from an early age.	female
"Three weeks before her death, Slaughterback donated her famous rattlesnake skin dress to the Greeley Municipal Museum; Ernie donated more of her possessions after her death, including her Remington rifle. "	 Slaughterback was a nurse during World War II and served in the Pacific Theater.	female
"Somayeh's mother believes her daughter is a shy girl, and the MEK member have threaten people like her. "	" The MEK has published a letter on Albanian media 2018, introducing Somayeh as its author."	female
"She is widely known by the childhood variant of her given name, Natasha. "	" Since 2004 Demkina has been a full-time student of the Semashko State Stomatological University, Moscow."	female
"Depending on the local ordinances, these shots may involve some erotic part of the body of the shooter girl, typically her cleavage, in the delivery. "	" Dancers may also be required to generate a certain number of drink purchases per shift and as part of their rounds, the waitstaff may ask customers if they would like to buy a drink for the dancer seated with them."	female
"At the end of the 2015–16 season, Barrowman confirmed his retirement from football. "	" After retiring at the end of the 2015–16 season, Barrowman became Scottish brand manager for sportswear firm Joma at the beginning of 2017."	male
"After four years competing in the major single-seater categories in Europe (2001–2005), and having proved himself driving for the low budget team Interwetten.com in World Series by Renault during its 2005 season, Rees was awarded a test in the renowned Italian dream Draco Racing in the winter of that same year. "	" The test opened new doors for the Brazilian driver, and 2006 was a promising year."	male
"From 1926 to 1930, he was the Minister of Labour, and became known as Peter the Peacemaker for settling 160 labour disputes in his first three years. "	 Heenan still found time to work as a locomotive engineer when the House was not in session.	male
"Governor King recommended he take the office permanently despite his inebriate habits, for no other person in the colony was at all equal to that office and the salary, then about (Pounds)350 with the benefit of several assigned servants and land grants, was insufficient inducement. "	 Atkins remained the colony's principal legal officer for years.	male
"In addition to his artistic work with the Mariinsky, Gergiev has worked in fundraising for such projects as the recently built 1100-seat Mariinsky Hall, and intends to renovate the Mariinsky Theatre completely by 2010. "	" From 1995 to 2008, Gergiev was principal conductor of the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra."	male
"One of the Mhuruuks who was not slain was Orini, son of Olnar, being just an untrained boy. "	 Eventually Orini became the chief disciple of Dormammu.	male
"The priest is spirited to the past by Pazuzu to observe Merrin exorcising a young boy, Kokumo, in Africa. "	 Kokumo has become a scientist studying how to prevent locust swarms.	male
"After the World War I he worked as an independent architect in the city of Brno, until 1939. "	 Wiesner was a very active architect in the city between the World Wars.	male
"Among Lao Issara's prominent members were three European-educated princes; brothers Phetsarath Ratanavongsa and Souvanna Phouma, and their half brother, Souphanouvong. "	" Souphanouvong became commander in chief, as well as minister of foreign affairs."	male
"Afterward, while looking for a stream from which to obtain water with a friend, he discovers from the commanding officer that his regiment has a lackluster reputation. "	 The officer speaks casually about sacrificing the 304th because they are nothing more than mule drivers and mud diggers.	male
"He was born in Rimouski, Quebec, the son of Francois Parent and Adelaide Tremblay, and came to Manitoba with his family in 1876 by way of Woonsocket, Rhode Island. "	" Parent was a farmer, grain dealer and financial agent."	male
"Fernow's observation and works like Report on the Forests of North America (Charles S. Sargent, 1884) showed him the need for proper forest management in the U.S., and he lectured on the subject. "	 Fernow became chief of the USDA's Division of Forestry in 1886.	male
He also served as first president of the Calgary Medical Society. 	 Lafferty retired from the practice of medicine in 1909 but served as a hospital inspector from 1909 until 1918 (or possibly later).	male
"Craig Shakespeare took over as caretaker manager, and in his first match in charge, Leicester won 3–1 against fifth-placed Liverpool, with Vardy scoring a brace. "	" Following two impressive results and initiating the type of positive response that we hoped change would bring, the club's owners then decided Shakespeare would become the club's manager until the end of the season."	male
"Schwartz started his career in 1987 at McKinsey & Company in New York City, focused on serving consumer products and financial services companies.[citation needed] In 1989, Schwartz left McKinsey and moved to Chevy Chase, Maryland, where he was a co-founder of Lighthouse Design, a company focused on building software for NeXT Computer, Inc. "	" Eventually, Schwartz became chief executive officer of Lighthouse."	male
It looked like he would soar on for all time. 	 The illusion was helped by the conductor in the orchestra pit who held the penultimate chord.	male
"The Serb Volunteer Guard (Serbian: Српска добровољачка гарда, СДГ / Srpska dobrovoljačka garda, SDG), also known as Arkan's Tigers (or only Tigers; Serbian: Арканови тигрови / arkanovi tigrovi, or only Тигрови / Tigrovi) or Arkan's men (Serbian: Аркановци / Arkanovci), was a Serbian volunteer paramilitary unit founded and led by Arkan that fought in Croatia (1991–93) and Bosnia (1992–95) during the Yugoslav Wars. "	" The Guard was under the command of the Territorial Defense, a regular military in charge of the territories of Croatia populated predominantly by Serbs during the first half of the 1990s."	male
"Toth's association with the group began when he was working at a Boston Borders Books; The mother of Vertical Horizon's lead singer and guitarist Matt Scannell, was shopping in the bookstore and asked Ed for a Vertical Horizon CD, which he had listened to and quite enjoyed. "	" Toth went to the show as the manager's friend; and when the band had an opening for a drummer, Toth auditioned for the spot."	male
"Firemen were in practice often engineers-in-training, learning the skills of train operation and assisting the engineer with the observation of signals and other routine aspects of his job performance, waiting for a job opportunity for promotion. "	" It was the conductor, not the locomotive engineer, who was most comparable to the captain of a ship."	male
"From 1959 to 1962 he read engineering at Keble College, Oxford, and then began his career as a designer at consultants Rendel, Palmer and Tritton. "	 Sainsbury also worked as project engineer and later as project director on the construction of the Natwest Tower which was completed in 1980.	male
"Simonson told the president in his 2006 resignation letter that he had accomplished what he had set out to do, and it was time to pursue other opportunities. "	 Simonson served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to bioterrorism and other public health emergencies.	male
It's like he's had it – it ain't no fun no more. 	" The curse part of it is the business you have to deal with, and then the blessing part is you get to be a musician and have fun…"	male
"Thompson also said, the 'social commentary' on this album is akin to a sociopath's discharging his AK-47 into a crowded schoolyard, with the machine gun bursts interrupted by Pee-wee Herman's views on politics. "	 The sheriff had previously told local retailers that selling the album could result in a prosecution for obscenity violations.	male
"Approximately 40,000 men served with the division between 1940 and 1946. "	 The following officers served as commanding officer of the 7th Division:	male
"He claims that he was circumvented, which is why he never apologised for his involvement, but he could have resigned, especially after the resignation of foreign minister Adam Rapacki, but did not. "	" Jaruzelski became a candidate member for the Politburo of the Polish United Workers' Party, the chief executive body of the party, obtaining full membership the following year."	male
"In addition to his substantial contributions to web standards, Pemberton was also one of the developers of the ABC programming language and of the Views System, an open-architecture user interface system and application environment. "	 Pemberton was editor-in-chief of SIGCHI Bulletin from 1993 to 1999 and of ACM Interactions from 1998 to 2004.	male
"With the emperor's approval, Prime Minister Hideki Tōjō and Navy Minister Shigetarō Shimada removed Nagano from his post and replaced him. "	 Nagano spent the remainder of the war as an advisor to the government.	male
"The Romantic revival, seeing in him a victim of its special bête noire Boileau, and attracted by his splendid diction, rich metrical faculty, and combination of classical and medieval peculiarities, adopted his name as a kind of battle-cry, and for the moment exaggerated his merits somewhat. "	 Ronsard was the acknowledged chief of the Pléiade and its most voluminous poet.	male
His neighbours question his authority and do not seem to think much of the Jesus they remember or his family. 	" Isn't this the carpenter (τέκτoν, tektōn)?"	male
"His family later moved to Nokomis, Illinois, where Bottomley enrolled in grade school and Nokomis High School. "	" Bottomley worked as a coal miner, truck driver, grocery clerk, and railroad clerk."	male
"In Western Australia, in the Marsh v Baxter case, a GM canola farmer was sued by his organic neighbour because GM canola contamination led to the loss of organic certification. "	" Although the facts of the case and the losses to the organic farmer were agreed between the parties, the judge did not find the GM farmer liable for the losses."	male
Krohg's style made him a leading figure in the transition from romanticism to naturalism. 	" Krohg was the founding and editor-in-chief of the Kristiania Bohemian journal, Impressionisten from 1886 until 1890."	male
"The men who attained the command of the Guard following year 2 BC were equites with an elevated seniority, classifying right behind the prefect of Egypt. "	" The Praetorian Guard, like all legionnaires, disposed of various equipment to execute different missions."	male
After Antoine Arnauld's death in 1694 Quesnel was generally regarded as the leader of the Jansenist party; and his Réflexions morales sur le Nouveau Testament played almost as large a part in its literature as Jansen's Augustinus itself. 	" As its title betokens, Quesnel's book was a devotional commentary on the New Testament, wherein Quesnel managed to explain the aims and ideals of the Jansenist party better than any earlier writer had done; and it accordingly became the chief object of Jesuit attack."	male
"On 10 March, in worsening weather and with his own supplies dwindling, Cherry-Garrard turned for home. "	" Atkinson would later write, I am satisfied that no other officer of the expedition could have done better."	male
"In 1998, he was named principal conductor, and he became music director in 2004. "	" Solzhenitsyn stepped down as music director in 2010, and became conductor laureate."	male
"After a brief shootout, the policeman wounded Gaggi in the neck and arrested him. "	" Although charged with the murders, and the attempted murder of the police officer, Gaggi was only convicted of assault."	male
Isakov broke away from teaching with the onset of the Winter War and entered active service; he coordinated not only the movement of naval warships in the Baltic Sea but also the ground forces of the Red Army in the Soviet war against Finland. 	 From 1941 to 1943 Isakov was the chief of the Main Maritime Staff.	male
He is a former chairman of the Hong Kong branch of Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. 	" After holding the post, Leung became an honorary advisor for the local governments of Shenzhen, Tianjian and Shanghai on land reform."	male
"On 15 June 2008, Nikopolidis announced his retirement from international football after Euro 2008, claiming that he had made this decision before the tournament started, and also stating that it is about time for a major change in the Greek national squad. "	" After retirement, Nikopolidis became the assistant manager of Olympiacos in 2012."	male
"As of 2009, his total live tournament winnings exceed $2,300,000. "	 Fitoussi also works as an architect and plays the stock market.	male
His gallantry had enabled his comrades to overcome twice their own number of the enemy. 	 Donnini at 19 was the youngest soldier in the Second World War to be awarded the VC.	male
"After brilliant conduct in the artillery, he has proven the highest qualities of courage by attacking numerous balloons and has shot down four. "	 Officer of the highest value; pursuit pilot of heroic bravery.	male
He lived for about 10 years in the South of France where he built yachts. 	" Huggett was reported to have been an intelligence officer, who from 1989 ran a school for children in Hampshire."	male
"Gambill has also raised money for his long-time friend Sir Elton John's charity, the Elton John AIDS Foundation. "	 Gambill's high-profile career as a professional athlete has evolved into coaching world-class tennis players as well as being an international analyst for BeIn sports.	male
"When he finished his schooling at Krefeld's Moltke Gymnasium, he joined the Krefeld Militia. "	" As the war erupted, Voss qualified as a motorcyclist and motorcycle mechanic."	male
"On 19 December 1999, Llewelyn was driving alone to a book signing event when his Renault Mégane was involved in a head-on collision with a Fiat Bravo driven by a 35-year-old man on the A27 near the village of Berwick, East Sussex. "	 The other driver was seriously injured.	male
"Valuable time was lost when the train manager refused to stop the train until he had investigated the problem himself, saying this was company policy. "	" This decision was upheld in court, absolving the train manager of all charges."	male
The driver saw Duggan move onto the road in front of him. 	" The car swerved from the inside lane to the outside, but the driver said Duggan leapt in front of the car, arms raised and mouth open."	male
"The league was led by Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg, and by Lekë Dukagjini following his death. "	 They voted Skanderbeg as their suzerain chief.	male
"Although Prichard was a contemporary of Potter's (he was about eleven years her junior and in his twenties when the incident took place), Potter's tailor is shown as a little old man in spectacles, with a pinched face, old crooked fingers, and the action of The Tailor of Gloucester takes place in the 18th century. "	" Potter sketched the Gloucester street where the tailor's shop stood as well as cottage interiors, crockery, and furniture."	male
"Five years later, he was dismissed from the State Department after Joseph McCarthy accused him of being a Communist. "	 The former Foreign Service officer challenged the dismissal in court.	male
A recruitment target of approximately one thousand soldiers is desired to eventually form a 757-man battalion. 	 Soldier fallout usually occurs due to voluntary withdrawal or failure to meet training standards.	male
"Johannesen also set a total of four world records over the course of his career, the most famous of which was his 15:46.6 on the 10,000 m at the 1960 Olympics. "	" Beside skating, Johannesen worked as a carpenter and later ran a gas station."	male
"Hazheev is a career soldier, and studied first at the Suvorov Military School in Sverdlovsk, then at the Tashkent Higher All-Arms Command School, where he graduated in 1963, and finally at the Frunze Military Academy in Moscow. "	" From 1983 until 1986, Hazheev served as chief adviser to the Soviet military mission in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam."	male
"According to Heller, he told Wright, Every dollar comes into Ruthless, I take twenty cents. "	 That's industry standard for a manager of my caliber.	male
"In 1403, he was ordered to write a compilation of every subject and every known book of the Chinese. "	" Xie was appointed chief compiler of this encyclopedia, later named the Yongle Encyclopedia, and completed it by 1408."	male
"After winning the Serie A Footballer of the Year Award later that month, Buffon hinted that he could possibly play for Italy again, stating: I took a break from the national team. "	" With the way I am though, both for Juventus and for the national team I have always considered myself a soldier, so I could never desert a possible call in the future if needed."	male
"What is known is that Abu Yusuf became a close acquaintance of Abbasid caliph, Harun al-Rashid, who eventually granted him the title of Grand Qadi, or Qadi 'l-qudat; the first time such a title had been conferred upon someone in Islamic history. "	 This made the position of Grand Qadi analogous to a modern-day chief justice.	male
"Popp was educated at Friedrich-Alexander-University (FAU), Nuremberg, where he studied electrical engineering from 1975 to 1981 and obtained a graduate Diploma. "	 From 1985 to 1990 was Popp development engineer for digital circuits on board-level.	male
"To apease him, Asquith invited Isaacs to join the Cabinet; he was the first attorney general to sit in the Cabinet. "	" As law officer, Isaacs handled many high-profile cases."	male
"There was then an argument between Dibdin and Harris over payment for the work, with the result that Dibdin instead embarked on a project to construct the Royal Circus, (afterwards known as the Surrey Theatre) for mixed entertainments of various kinds, he planning to form a combination of the stage and an equestrian ring or hippodrome. "	" Several parties including the landowner advanced the funds and became proprietors, and Dibdin was appointed sole manager for life, to receive a quarter of the profits."	male
"Finally he encounters a derelict street musician, the first and only instance in the cycle in which another character is present. "	" The mysterious and ominous nature of the musician, along with the question posed in the last lines, leave the fate of the wanderer open to interpretation."	male
"Pushing on with his battalion towards the Marne, his troops eventually took 1,500 prisoners and captured in excess of 30 field guns and machine guns. "	" Promoted to hauptmann (captain), Ravenstein was posted to the Imperial Guard as a battalion commander."	male
"In mid April 1908, he was promoted to General of the Artillery; he was also appointed commander-in-chief of the Kiev Military District later in early December. "	" At the beginning of the First World War, Ivanov was appointed commander-in-chief of the Southwestern Front."	male
"Sensing that it was unsafe for him to remain in Germany he emigrated to the United States in 1936, where he became professor at the University of California, Berkeley. "	 Goldschmidt was the first scientist to use the term hopeful monster.	male
His father died in 1916. 	 Nussbaum first worked as a laborer for the Truck Company and at a box company in that same year.	male
A Yonkers Police Department spokesperson said Jadakiss was one of four men sitting in a 2006 Toyota Camry that was parked near the intersection of Nepperhan Avenue and Elm Street in Yonkers at around 5 a.m. Saturday. 	 Officers said the vehicle's driver was behaving oddly and said they noticed a strong odor of marijuana while approaching the car.	male
"The discs now increase his physical attributes in geometric progression to numbers of victims wearing slave discs, and he was able to control the actions of all persons wearing the discs. "	" The Controller is a highly skilled chemist and mechanical engineer, with a college degree in chemistry and electrical and mechanical engineering."	male
"He rather sharply and emotionally criticized his predecessors and opponents, but he treated students warmly, seeing them as like-minded people, communicated informally, took them to exhibitions, to the cinema, to cafes. "	" A successful career was overshadowed by the fact that Zinoviev was in fact restricted to leave, although the scientist was repeatedly invited to foreign events."	male
Tinhead was elated by his success and eager for another heist. 	" Towards the end of the series, Tinhead worked as a limousine driver."	male
"At 15, he joined the Royal Australian Air Force as an apprentice motor transport fitter. "	" After ten years as an enlisted airman, McDonald was accepted for pilot training and commissioned as an officer in 1989."	male
Lie joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after receiving his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. 	 Lie was editor-in-chief for Det 20de Aarhundre ('The 20th Century') from 1919 to 1921.	male
"He was largely autonomous on his patch, answering only to the divisional superintendent and only calling in support from Scotland Yard for very serious crimes such as murder. "	" The rank was discontinued in 1949, when it was regraded to detective chief inspector."	male
"It is true that Mendeleev in 1892 became head of the Archive of Weights and Measures in Saint Petersburg, and evolved it into a government bureau the following year, but that institution was charged with standardising Russian trade weights and measuring instruments, not setting any production quality standards, Also, Mendeleev's 1865 doctoral dissertation was entitled A Discourse on the combination of alcohol and water, but it only discussed medical-strength alcohol concentrations over 70%, and he never wrote anything about vodka. "	 A number of places and objects are associated with the name and achievements of the scientist.	male
"In November 2014, a resident of Accomack County, Virginia, produced video evidence that two workers in a van marked with a PETA logo had entered his property in a trailer park and taken his dog, who was then euthanized. "	" The trailer park's manager had contacted PETA after a group of residents moved out, leaving their dogs behind, which is why the workers were on the property."	male
His participation in a convocation of business leaders and students at Harvard University during the Vietnam War landed him in the Nixon Enemies List. 	 Palmieri served as the Deputy Rehabilitator and CEO at Mutual Benefit from 1991 until 1994.	male
While wrestling on the independent circuit he worked as an accountant during the day. 	 Among these included the IPWA (Independent Pro Wrestling Association) Wohl was originally cast as the manager of a group known as the Rat Pack.	male
He also sang in The Work. 	 Hodgkinson is a self-taught musician.	male
"In fact, Alfredo Griffin of the Toronto Blue Jays scored the winning run in a game, yet his consecutive game streak ended as he appeared only as a pinch runner. "	 The pinch runner may remain in the game or be substituted for at the manager's discretion.	male
"Some of the White family's property at Ruthwaite (near Ireby) passed into his hands, which secured Peel a comfortable income. "	" Peel was a farmer by profession, and kept a pack of fox hounds."	male
"Trapp created the Oklahoma Forestry Commission, the Oklahoma Conservation Commission, and the Oklahoma Fish and Game Commission out of his desire to preserve the environment. "	 Trapp also proved to be an effective law enforcement officer.	male
A hockey player and his friend Jay MacDonald were inspired to bring a team to St. 	" Pilous would be coach & general manager of the team, and MacDonald would be secretary & treasurer."	male
"Once the ruffian shoots his air gun, scoring a direct hit on Holmes's dummy across the street, Holmes and Watson are on him, and he is soon disarmed and restrained. "	" They are led by Inspector Lestrade, who arrests the gunman."	male
Two years later Jallud assumed Gaddafi's remaining administrative and protocol duties to allow Gaddafi to devote his time to revolutionary theorizing. 	 Gaddafi remained commander in chief of the armed forces and effective head of state.	male
"A founding member of Transparency International, he is on their advisory council and served as the first chairman of TI-Latin America. "	 MacLean-Abaroa has served as a consultant and advisor on governance and anti-corruption issues to different international organizations and governments.	male
He named Gutfeld his successor. 	 Zinczenko became editor-in-chief in 2000.	male
"Then D. D. Ivanenko studied at Kharkiv University, from which in 1923 he was transferred to Petrograd University. "	" After graduating the university, from 1927 to 1930 D. Ivanenko was a scholarship student and then a research scientist at the Physical Mathematical Institute of Academy of Sciences of USSR."	male
"In 1999, he was awarded the Order of the Palmetto by then-Governor Jim Hodges. "	" Gustafson continued to conduct occasional programs at BJU until 2010, as well as remaining active as a conductor of high school all-state choirs and orchestras and conducting church choir clinics."	male
"After he and the others escaped Planet Doom, went to the Castle of Lions on Planet Arus, where they met Princess Allura and Coran and were designated as the Voltron Force. "	 Hunk is a mechanic and Voltron Force member.	male
"A short time after the episode aired, the producers received a letter that was written by the family of one Felix Reese, who himself was a taxi driver who was shot in the head by Leslie Grantham (the actor playing Col. Mustard) while the future star of EastEnders was a soldier stationed in Germany. "	 The Reeses found it distasteful that someone who performed an illegal killing as a soldier would be cast as someone who performed an illegal killing as a soldier.	male
"During his military service, Brătianu studied engineering. "	" Brătianu received an engineer's diploma, but not a licence to practice."	male
Beckman shared his expertise in glass-blowing by teaching classes in the machine shop. 	 Beckman dealt first-hand with the chemists' need for good instrumentation as manager of the chemistry department's instrument shop.	male
"Any organization of men, but no fewer than ten, which individually and collectively, shall have duly petitioned for and received a Charter from the Supreme Lodge and which, thus Chartered and authorized, is functioning under the name and style of AHEPA, or its corporate name, shall be deemed to be a Chapter of the Order of AHEPA, and subject to its jurisdiction. "	" At the chapter level, the main officer positions are:"	male
He started writing in the 1960s. 	 Radhakrishnan was the administrative manager and general manager of DC Books and Current Books from 1979 to 2002.	male
"After Oesch was released from prison in February 1948, he devoted himself to military history, researching and writing extensively on Finnish experiences in World War II. "	 Oesch was also one of the founders and chief editor of a popular magazine on World War II Finnish history.	male
"According to IDEAS/RePEc, he ranked 185th in September 2018 in terms of research among 54 233 registered economists (i.e, among the top 0.4%). "	" Remarkably, the same farmer shows diminished cognitive performance before harvest, when poor, compared with after harvest, when rich."	male
"According to Goetz he then approached Cabey and shot him on the ground; however, another witness disputed that Goetz shot Cabey a second time. "	 Cabey ended up slumped in the short seat in the corner of the car next to the conductor's cab.	male
"He, along with his team, discovered natural antisense RNA. "	" Inouye was also a key scientist involved in the discovery and characterization of retrons, which are retroviral-like elements found in various bacterial genomes."	male
"While the security officer makes his way far into the citadel, Battle Group Seven of the Pfhor fleet arrives and engages Durandal's ship. "	 The security officer is abruptly teleported to help hold back boarding parties while Durandal teleports all remaining Human and S'pht crew to a stronghold on the planet's surface.	male
"Back in Dresden, to make a living, he joined the Reichswehr armed forces in 1932. "	" Harbig, as a professional soldier, continued to participate in track events."	male
"The ROC crest and cap badge depict a 16th-century soldier holding aloft a flaming torch while shielding his eyes with his free hand, as though looking towards a distant place or object. "	" Uniform tunic buttons, lapel badges and the reverse of the ROC Medal also depict the soldier in the same pose while standing beside a coastal signal fire or warning beacon, with a chain of lit beacons extending along the coastline into the far distance."	male
"Mangold's work challenges the typical connotations of what a painting is or could be, and his works often appear as objects rather than images. "	 Elements refer often to architectural elements or have the feeling of an architect's hands.	male
"In early 1875, he moved to Cañon City, Colorado, and worked for James Clelland in his general mercantile store. "	" Peabody quickly climbed the ladder at Clelland's store, becoming a manager, then a full partner, and then purchasing the store outright in 1882."	male
"The Hasidim then asked the Rebbe's daughter Malka and her husband, Rabbi Dr. Menachem Mendel Brayer, a teacher at Yeshiva University, to offer one of their two young sons to be groomed for the position. "	" The elder, Yigal, an aerospace engineer, was suggested and then rejected."	male
"Kotzen would later be expelled from the band following the world tour, after it was discovered that he had been romantically involved with the fiancee of drummer Rikki Rockett. "	 Kotzen would later claim that being in Poison helped me forget I was a musician while Rockett would lament the loss of the band's original attitude	male
"From 1961 until his retirement in 1989, Truesdell was professor of rational mechanics at Johns Hopkins University. "	" Truesdell was the founder and editor-in-chief of the journals Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis and Archive for History of Exact Sciences, which were unusual in several ways."	male
"He has also expressed interest in pop music, citing his respect for both Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga. "	 Odadjian is currently mentoring the band Chameleon Conductor record their debut album.	male
It is still incredible to me that he actually brought the orchestra through to the end. 	" The extensive press coverage of the incident made Monteux at age thirty-eight, truly a famous conductor."	male
He is currently chief executive of the Queensland Resources Council. 	" Macfarlane was born in Kingaroy, Queensland, and was a farmer and president of the Queensland Graingrowers Association before entering politics."	male
"From 1951 to 1955, he taught at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah. "	 Skousen was a well-respected police chief for nearly four years.	male
"On 11 December 1931, three policemen were injured in a fight between New Guardsmen and communists in Darlinghurst. "	" A few days later, 13 members of the New Guard were arrested after violently disrupting a political meeting in Coffs Harbour."	male
"It was thought that he was used to driving without a speedometer and so had misjudged his speed on the approach to Lincoln, entering a 15 mph curve at around 55 mph. "	" The driver had also evidently been inattentive because the home signal near the curve was not cleared until the train was almost at it, yet it passed the signal at around 60 mph."	male
"He was buried on 19 March 1879 at Harrogate Cemetery, now known as Grove Road Cemetery, in section D, plot 324. "	" By 1841, Shutt was an architect lodging in Southwark."	male
"Over a 15-year period beginning in the mid-1980s, he served as communications director for Amnesty International USA, Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Children's Defense Fund. "	 Fulwood was chief media strategist for Human Rights Now!	male
"If the driver now moves his control to the brake position, air is admitted to the train pipe. "	" According to the driver's manipulation of the control, some or all of the vacuum will be destroyed in the process."	male
"In response to the captain's inquiries, the first officer replied that he did not see the runway. "	 The landing gear was raised and the first officer announced that the flight was executing a missed approach.	male
"Throughout the film, the truck driver remains anonymous and unseen, with the exception of three separate shots, where the stunt driver can very briefly be seen in the truck's cab, where his arm waves Weaver on into oncoming traffic, and where Weaver observes the driver's snakeskin boots. "	" Spielberg says that the effect of not seeing the driver makes the real villain of the film the truck itself, rather than the driver."	male
"The final series of Superteams was duly won by 'Watersports' (a team representing swimming, water-skiing and diving) which was led by Olympic swimmer Robin Brew who excelled at running events and also in the gym tests, where the bar jump became his speciality. "	" The RAF officer then completed a successful first year in Superstars by becoming the last ever International champion, this time much more comfortably."	male
"George Dickerson, a former South Bend, Indiana television news anchor (but actually born in Huntsville), served as the only general manager in WLRH's entire history from its 1976 inception until his retirement in early 2007. "	" It is believed that Dickerson's tenure was the longest ever for a manager of an American public radio station (and perhaps all public broadcasting), exceeding 30 years."	male
"In 1988, he was appointed manager of Huddersfield Town and remained there until 1992. "	 Hand began working with the FAI in 1999 as a career guidance officer.	male
And with the composer Franz Gleißner he started a publishing firm in 1796 using lithography. 	 Senefelder was appointed 1809 to be the Inspector of a new Institution set up for this purpose in Bavaria called the Lithographic Institute (Lithographische Anstalt) in Munich.	male
"Prior to his entry in provincial politics, Fournier was the defeated candidate of the Liberal Party of Canada in Châteauguay in 1988 and was also involved in the leadership campaign of Paul Martin for Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada in which Jean Chrétien eventually won. "	" Before the Quebec Liberal Party took power in the 2003 election, Fournier at various moments served as the chief whip of the official opposition, critic for Canadian intergovernmental affairs, as well as critic for health."	male
"In football, as a senior, he was a Football News All-Independent first team selection, and registered 74 knockdown blocks. "	" Thrust into a starting role immediately upon being drafted, Petitgout played left guard and right tackle before settling as the Giants' left tackle in 2002."	male
"Santamaría began representing Spain in 1958, his debut coming on 15 October against Northern Ireland (6–2 friendly win in Madrid). "	" After working with the youth sides and spending two years with the under-21s, Santamaría was appointed manager of the full team for the 1982 World Cup, due to be played on home soil."	male
"According to the Law of Uppland, the hundreds of Uppland provided as many as four ships each (four ships, each with 24 crewmen and a steersman, each equals 100 men), those of Västmanland two ships and those of Roslagen one ship (the name indicate that this was seen as just one ship's crew but they were not part of a hundred and might have had the same rights/function of whole hundred only fewer people). "	" Later 12th-13th century changes to this law code list more extensive equipment for the more affluent freemen, with helmet, mail hauberk, shield, spear and sword being what the well-to-do farmer or burgher must bring to war."	male
"He obtained leave of absence in 1898 to inquire into methods of teaching electrical subjects in Europe, but on his return resigned his chair as from 31 December 1898, as circumstances had made it necessary that he should live in England. "	" Threlfall now became a consulting engineer and established a high reputation as an electro-chemist, combining chemical insight with the aptitude of an engineer."	male
He finished his playing career with Cork Alberts. 	 Tambling also briefly served as manager of Cork City during the 1984–85 season.	male
"They never believed they would actually get the musician to appear in the film, but thought putting him in the script would make the studio excited about it. "	" Cusack knew Springsteen socially, and called the musician up and pitched the idea."	male
The director produces the play in the way he envisages how it ought to be seen as he interprets what the playwright intended within the drama; he takes care of the effectiveness of the rehearsals of the actors; and coordinates the work of designers and technicians in the production. 	" The stage manager has to work with the director, and ascertain whether both the director's objectives and the perceptions of the stage designers are compatible and realistic."	male
"Alongside his communications management roles he specialised in crisis management and counterterrorist issues, and his final posting was to create and lead Britain's civil crisis management unit and the government's communication specialists. "	" After working as a trade and local news journalist, Granatt joined the civil service in 1979 as an information officer."	male
"Ten years later, he was to have been included in one of the spy exchanges at Berlin's Glienicke Bridge but chose to remain in Poland and spent the rest of his life as a painter and faith healer in Warsaw, where he died. "	 Pawlowski was born in Warsaw in a family of a car mechanic and studied law at university there.	male
"The military background of Baasha is not explicit in the text, though he reportedly killed Nadab within the king's own military camp. "	 Which would indicate that Baasha was a soldier or officer in Nadab's army.	male
"Born to a working-class family in Cambuslang, Ure attended Rutherglen Academy until he was 15 years old. "	" After leaving school Ure attended Motherwell Technical College and then began to work as an engineer, training at the National Engineering Laboratory (NEL), in nearby East Kilbride."	male
"While he was Managing Director of Internode, he was frequently active in the Internode forum on Whirlpool, and is a vocal commentator on Australian telecommunications competition issues and Government policies. "	" Hackett stepped down from the Redflow board effective at the 2018 AGM, while remaining involved in a technical role as Systems Integration Architect."	male
In the summer of 2013 he replaced Thomas Maale as manager of the club. 	 Following a successful first season as manager Krogh was hired as manager of Næstved BK in the summer of 2014.	male
"In the 1976 film The Last Hard Men, actor Charlton Heston portrayed Captain Sam Burgade, a retired Captain of the Arizona Rangers who pursues the ruthless outlaw who has escaped from prison and kidnapped Burgade's daughter for revenge. "	 Burgade had been the arresting officer for the crime that sent the outlaw to prison.	male
In 1972 he was awarded the Soviet honorary title of Hero of Socialist Labor. 	 Rudenko was one of the chief commandants of NKVD special camp Nr.	male
He is portrayed in the live dramas by Tori Matsuzaka. 	" Heiji Hattori was inspired by the fictional Inspector Hattori, from Shunsaku Kudo stories."	male
Twice during his time at this school Constantin won a prize as the best mathematics student in Belgium. 	 At this stage Carathéodory began training as a military engineer.	male
"Bore started his career as an attacking player, playing as a winger or a striker, before being converted into playing at right-back. "	 Bore now works as a Police Officer for Humberside Police.	male
"In 1993, ICI Pharmaceuticals demerged to become Zeneca, and in 1994 he was appointed chief executive officer of the new company. "	 McKillop became chief executive officer (CEO) of the merged company.	male
The first driver found that a fault with the Automatic Warning System (AWS) prevented the brakes from releasing (a recurrence of the previous day but the whole system had not malfunctioned since December 1996) so he isolated (disabled) it at 06:00 but did not report the failure to the signaller and to Railtrack  	" The train driver passed two warning signals (a double yellow followed by a single yellow) without slowing the train down, and only reacted by applying the emergency brake when the red danger signal came into view."	male
McCallister was Tris Speaker's primary assistant during his years as player-manager (1919–1926). 	 McCallister became manager after Speaker's sudden resignation in late 1926.	male
Air Marshal Ahmed Shafik received the highest medals and merits during his service. 	" As a young officer, Shafik served as a Mig-19 and Mig-21 fighter pilot and was later appointed as fighter air squadron commander."	male
"When Bjerknes' grant ended, he was hired by Otto Pettersson as his main assistant at the Swedish Hydrographic and Biological Commission. "	 Pettersson is the chief scientist of the Commission's research vessel fleet.	male
He also served in that chamber's party leadership as the Senate Democratic Caucus Secretary from 2005 to 2010. 	 Albertson is a singer-songwriter and musician that has toured in 26 countries.	male
"During one rally in the United Kingdom, he needed a spare part and happened to find a brand new Saab 96 on a parking lot. "	 The co-driver managed to defuse the situation by explaining that Carlsson was a factory driver for Saab and the owner would be given a new car.	male
"The conductor arrives (speaking Italian but with an affected German accent), proving theatrically critical of the ensuing performance quality and equally quarrelsome with trade union representatives on site, wearing down the orchestra members as he commands them to play with exceedingly particular nuances bordering on absurd abstraction, leading several musicians to strip away clothing under the strain of this taxing effort. "	" Protesting the conductor's authoritarian abuses, the union reps intervene, spitefully announcing that all musicians will be taking a 20-minute double break."	male
"During the clearing of this mud, Amos and his men discovered another area in the caverns that had been blocked for many years, by a large amount of mud. "	" Upon clearing the newly discovered area, the geologist discovered anthodites."	male
"Flinn's case, due in part to her high visibility in Air Force recruitment advertisements, drew national attention, eventually creating a media circus. "	" This is an issue about an officer, entrusted to fly nuclear weapons, who lied."	female
Whilst at university she became involved in student politics and was elected as the environment officer for the University of Melbourne Student Union in 2007. 	 Sandell worked for the Australian Youth Climate Coalition (AYCC) between 2009 and 2012 serving as general manager before becoming the group's National Director.	female
"Founder Kathi Kamen Goldmark died on May 24, 2012, and the group disbanded a month later, following a memorial concert in her honor. "	 Goldmark was then a musician whose day job was in book publicity.	female
She received her B.S. in nursing education from the University of Minnesota School of Nursing. 	 Woodman served as chief nurse of the XXIV Corps.	female
Murillo played for four different teams in Honduras until her retirement in the 90s. 	" Later, Murillo worked for the Inter-American Development Bank as a producer and developer of reports and research."	female
"In 2016 Marrero denounced British fashion designer Vivienne Westwood on social media, claiming that one of her works had been plagiarized on a shirt sold through Westwood's website. "	" As a musician, Marrero has released two electropop albums and has worked as a DJ at several Spanish clubs."	female
She worked on manuals for the safe use of gliders. 	 Grimshaw spent 1953–61 at the RAE's headquarters office and returned as the RAE Project officer on the full pressure suit in 1961.	female
"On her return to India, Albuquerque worked with Jerusha Jhirad at the Bangalore Maternity Hospital, as senior obstetrician from 1922 to 1925. "	" After Jhirad left for Bombay, Albuquerque became senior medical officer at the hospital."	female
In 2009 she became director of the Data To Insight Center and Executive Director of the Pervasive Technology Institute in 2021. 	" From 2017 until 2021, Plale was a science advisor at the National Science Foundation."	female
"The first woman to hold the rank of chief constable was Pauline Clare, appointed Chief Constable of the Lancashire Constabulary on 14 June 1995. "	 The population of areas for which chief constables are responsible varies from a few hundred thousand to two or three million and it is commonplace for chief constables for larger force areas to be drawn from the chief constables of smaller forces.	female
"In the 1800s, women in the French military were responsible for preparing meals for soldiers, and were called cantinières. "	" Cantinières had commissions from the administrators of the regiments, and they were required to be married to a soldier of the regiment."	female
"Before qualifying for the 1997 World Junior Curling Championships, she was never very interested in the sport. "	 Jentsch is employed as a soldier athlete.	female
"While in the role, it was reported that she had ordered officers in her force to trim or cover beards, along with a ban on visible tattoos and inappropriate makeup, with the BBC's Newsbeat reporting that beard nets would be permitted as an alternative. "	" Davenport retired in 2017, after thirty years as a police officer."	female
She is the only speaker in the Conference's 10-year history to be invited to speak more than once. 	 Hatchett has appeared on numerous media outlets as a guest commentator and legal analyst on national issues.	female
Knapp's parents divorced when she was three and she spent an unhappy childhood with her remarried father until leaving home at 18. 	" As a classically trained musician Knapp played trumpet in high school, and attended Pittsburg State University on a music scholarship."	female
"After receiving her doctorate, she continued to teach at the Saint Petersburg University of the Ministry of Interior of Russia. "	" After graduating, Fedorova worked as an inspector in Pskov for six months."	female
"Titre returned to EA Games in 2013, where she worked on Dance Central 3 and The Sims 4. "	" Around 2015, Titre started working as the manager of the art and computer animation department for Ubisoft."	female
Lale Akgün's Turkish family moved to Germany when she was 9. 	 Akgün then served in the Cologne city administration in juvenile welfare services/family consultation as the deputy agency chief.	female
"She thought about it for a few hours, ran it by upper management, and told me to write it up. "	 That was a natural bridge as a programmer.	female
"After the war, she continued her career at the Boruprokat factory. "	 Hasanova was the chief brigadier in 1970 and led four brigades at that factory.	female
"Later that month she rejoined TF 58 for raids on Palau, Yap, Ulithi and Woleai from 30 March to 1 April; support of the Hollandia operation in New Guinea on 21 April and 22; and a repeat raid on Truk from 29 April to 1 May. "	" During the invasion of Guam Dortch patrolled west of the island as life guard and fighter director ship, as well as screening the carriers that provided air support for the troops ashore."	female
"There, she served as the Assistant Head, Joint Allied Command and Control Matters Branch until December 1984. "	" Fishburne's next assignment was Executive Officer, Naval Communication Station, Yokosuka, Japan."	female
In total she met during 84 days of parliamentary session. 	 Haldorsen was medical superintendent of a children's home and advisor to a hospital board from 1959 to about 1964.	female
A Detroit police officer alleged that LeDuff's stories asserted that she moonlighted as a stripper and danced at a never-proven party at the Detroit mayor's mansion. 	 The officer denied both accusations.	female
"To the amusement of many, this year an artist had a painting in the parade showing a naked female bicyclist next to a baton-wielding police officer. "	 The panel was put on a small platform on wheels and parade goers were invited to have their pictures taken with their heads poking out of the holes of the naked bicyclists and the officer.	female
"Ursula, Lady Walsingham, continued to live at Barn Elms with a staff of servants until her death in 1602. "	" Protestants lauded Walsingham as a sound pillar of our commonwealth and chief patron of virtue, learning and chivalry."	female
"Following her departure from Rakvere, she joined the Ugala theatre in Viljandi in 1994, where she is still engaged as an actress. "	" Since 2005, Tamm has also been a stage manager at the Ugala."	female
"She is also the author of the book Worth It: Your Life, Your Money, Your Terms (2017, Simon and Schuster) Steinberg graduated from The Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania in 1995 and from Columbia College, where she was an urban studies major, in 1999. "	 Steinberg was first a computer programmer.	female
"While completing her graduate studies, Zuckerberg wrote a food blog called Sugar Mountain Treats. "	" Zuckerberg is the founder and editor-in-chief of the online journal Eidolon, which publishes texts about classics that are not formal scholarship."	female
The Miss Deaf USA 2005 winner was the first USA participant in this competition. 	" As MDU's CEO, Leek attended the event and met pageant directors from other countries, who expressed their will to initiate a similar pageant in the USA as well as in other countries."	female
"Pastore started her career at the University of Oxford as a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Biochemistry, working alongside Iain Donald Campbell. "	 Pastore was subsequently appointed a staff scientist position at European Molecular Biology Laboratory in 1988.	female
"Then known as Prospect Park Productions, she led the marketing campaign for the soap operas All My Children and One Life to Live about which The Hollywood Reporter wrote: Not only are they (TOLN) the first company to revive a long-running daytime drama (thus changing the game for the genre entirely) they are taking two brands with a combined age of over 80 years and basically making them cool again.” "	" Following the cancellation, Cob-Baehler transitioned to a position as an artist manager."	female
"In 2008, Johansson was promoted to Head of Design, working with 140 designers, and in 2013 she began overseeing H&M's special collections shown in Paris. "	" Johansson became Creative Advisor in 2015, and has subsequently worked as H&M's spokesperson and representative."	female
Guzzwell joined the Kelli Sharpe (Turpin) rink in 2018 as her third. 	 Guzzwell is employed as a police officer with the RCMP.	female
"During an AAU basketball game, Gall tore her ACL and could not run outdoor track. "	" As a sophomore, Gall again started at point guard for GBHS and led the team to a conference championship."	female
"In January 2015, her extended play (EP), The Suspended Kid, was issued, which she had worked on for over a year and half. "	" The title of the EP is about how people responded to Sevdaliza in social situations, saying I realized that those things that deflect me from social situations--not getting along with your coach or your boss or whatever--it made me realize I had to choose a different path."	female
"On 13 May 1944, Rowden together with three other captured female SOE agents, Andrée Borrel, Vera Leigh and Sonia Olschanezky, were moved from Fresnes to the Avenue Foch along with four other women whose names were Yolande Beekman, Madeleine Damerment, Eliane Plewman and Odette Sansom, all of whom were F Section agents. "	" Later that day they were taken to the railway station, and each handcuffed to a guard upon alighting the train."	female
"In late 2011, the online chatbox provider XChat filed a lawsuit after a developer published a copy of the source code to her server emulator. "	 The suit was later dropped as the developer had not infringed copyright.	female
"In 1977, she founded LaNier and Company, a real estate brokerage company. "	" For over 30 years, LaNier has worked as a professional real estate broker."	female
Corrales moved to the United States to attend the University of Washington where she received her bachelor’s in economics. 	 Corrales previously served as chief operating officer and chief financial officer at Nest.	female
"Severian, who believes this is an indirect means for the Autarch to execute him for his crime, is forced to accept, and he departs with the sister, Agia, to secure an avern, a deadly plant used for dueling. "	" While on their way, urged by Agia's bet to a passing fiacre, their driver crashes into and destroys the altar of a religious order, where Agia is accused of stealing a precious artifact."	female
"She graduated from Beşikdüzü High School of Education at 1978, and moved to Istanbul with her family right after, where she studied architecture in Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University and graduated in 1978. "	" After graduating from university, Aktas worked as an architect, media consultant and journalist."	female
She also adds vocals and music to various projects. 	" Additionally Brouder retains current licenses in nursing, cosmetology and as a real estate broker."	female
"On March 8, 2017, during an International Women's Day panel discussion on ABC Local Radio, Wriedt clarified that she was not a member of any political party, saying that after she retired from Parliament in 2009 she “did not receive a membership renewal form from the ALP, which I took as a message that I was no longer welcome”. "	 Wriedt was appointed executive officer of Cystic Fibrosis Tasmania in 2010.	female
"Tatyana Sergeyevna Moskvina (also Tatsiana Siarheievna Maskvina, Belarusian: Таццяна Сяргееўна Масквіна; born 10 January 1973 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian-born Belarusian judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category. "	" Currently a permanent resident in Minsk and a naturalized Belarusian citizen, Moskvina trained under head coach and sensei M. Ramazanov for Dinamo."	female
"Utada made the majority of the album alone, saying she 'locked herself away'. "	" I was like a mad scientist working away in an underground laboratory, going on to say I had the time of my life but it was a very intense, introverted process."	female
"During the height of its industrial prowess Holyoke was a regular stop on Vaudeville circuits, with its most famous actress, Eva Tanguay, known as The Girl Who Made Vaudeville Famous. "	" Tanguay was soon discovered by a Pennsylvania touring company, and went on to become the first American popular musician to achieve mass-media celebrity."	female
Hutchins is the only female presenter of the series. 	 A singer and musician who plays the harmonica and the concertina.	female
"In May 2013 she was named weekend news anchor, and has hosted Israel's most viewed TV news broadcast since. "	" Weiss has also hosted the weekday evening news and other shows, and is currently the station's chief political analyst."	female
Geske earned her J.D. degree from the Marquette University Law School in 1975. 	 Geske worked as chief staff attorney for the Legal Aid Society of Milwaukee until 1979.	female
"In 1917, Shouse was able to utilize experience acquired through her undergraduate and her prior activist activities. "	 Shouse was hired as the assistant to the chief.	female
Venturi assigned her to its Formula E racing operation as logistics officer at the start of the 2015/16 season. 	 Biscaye was appointed permanent team and logistics manager from the 2016/17 season.	female
She tends to accidentally break things by crushing them. 	 Sakakibara is the Manager of Human Resources at the Good Trading Company.	female
She later received her PhD Ifrom University of Colorado Boulder in ecology and evolutionary biology. 	" Zelikova is an ecosystem scientist, filmmaker, and activist."	female
"She spent four years working on international projects for Hasbro including Playdoh, Monopoly and Action Man. "	" Between 2011 and 2013, Singhal worked as a Senior Innovation Executive at Scottish Enterprise, before joining Mattel as a Project Quality Engineer in 2013."	female
"One of the most dangerous species of scorpion, the Deathstalker (Leiurus quinquestriatus) resides in North Africa, and its sting may kill, so Serket was considered a highly important goddess, and sometimes she was considered by pharaohs to be their patron. "	" As the protector against venom and snakebite, Serket often was said to protect the deities from Apep, the great snake-demon of evil, sometimes being depicted as the guard when Apep was captured."	female
"In Chicago, Jane Addams and her fellow members of Hull House endeavoured to clean up the mishandled waste in their area but their efforts were obstructed by the local council. "	 The council handled the issue by giving Addams the position of garbage inspector of the ward on a salary of one thousand dollars per year.	female
"In 1999, she defended her PhD dissertation, titled State Regulation of the tax system, at the Kyiv National Economic University and received a Ph.D. in Economics. "	 Tymoshenko has worked as a practicing economist and academic.	female
She rode across an Arab desert with a woman journalist and friend and was proposed to by an Arab sheik in Algiers. 	" McMein, who was a talented musician, had written an opera by that time, too."	female
Harrower had an injury in 2012 to her Achilles and could not run on it for a while. 	 Harrower is a guard.	female
"While in 1799, it is the father (Fenwick) who is the enlightened soul and his male friends are also scientists (Armstrong, the physician, and Roget, the to-be-author of the thesaurus), his wife (Susannah) is a stereotypical wife of the time and their two daughters (Maria and Harriet) are expected to be such, too. "	 The decision of one of them to become a scientist leads to disapproval.	female
"In an interview addressing the move, she states Whereas MALDEF at the macro, systemic change level, CCF is about the micro, one community, one county. "	" As CEO, Hernández has helped the CCF increase its assets to over $1 billion, allowing for greater service opportunities and innovative programs to reach more Los Angelenos, especially those who are of color, low income, and immigrants."	female
In 1996 she was selected for astronaut training by NASA. 	 Cagle is also an advisor for NASA's Flight Opportunities Program (originally named CRuSR – Commercial Reusable Suborbital Research Program).	female
"The investigation began with one Raymond James manager, who worked from an office in her Wisconsin home, handling approximately 700 accounts and selling mainly mutual funds and variable annuities. "	 The Wisconsin manager was accused of selling unsuitable aggressive mutual funds and variable annuities over a four-year period.	female
She sought to establish academic alliances research funding and commercial partnerships within Gibraltar as well as beyond the Straits of Gibraltar. 	" As CEO, the University hosted the UNCTAD Centre of Excellence and the EU Brexit Referendum."	female
Oramics was also the name used by Oram to refer to her studio and business interests generally. 	" The musician drew shapes on the film to create a mask, which modulated the light received by photocells."	female
"She subsequently devoted herself to recording Max Reger’s complete works for violin solo, which she presented in 2003. "	 Eggebrecht has contributed greatly as a chamber musician to the discovery of worthwhile music by neglected composers.	female
"Officer was 15 years old when she was playing in the Highlander Curling Club in Winnipeg, Manitoba. "	" I was a bit star-struck, Officer said."	female
"Her last match for the USA was on November 5, 2008, against the Korea Republic. "	 Scurry was appointed general manager of the WPS franchise magicJack beginning with the 2011 season.	female
"In 2018, Chando made her directorial debut with her short film LPM, Likes Per Minute. "	" It screened at the inaugural Mammoth Film Festival, where Chando also serves as an operations manager."	female
"Fearing that Erythrina succumbed to temptation for power, Pollack visits her "	" The elderly Charteris, an early military computer programmer, reveals that the Mailman was not an extraterrestrial, but a National Security Agency AI research project to protect government systems."	female
Pornthip is very proud of her work and that it ensures her a place in heaven. 	" Graduating from the Faculty of Medicine, Mahidol University, in 1979, Pornthip became a medical officer in the Ministry of Public Health."	female
"Born in Bedford, Beardsmore attended the independent Dame Alice Harpur School in her hometown, then studied for a BA in English and Politics at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and also went to Luton College of Higher Education. "	 Beardsmore joined the BBC in 1977 as secretary to the Manager of Operations and later as a production assistant.	female
"In her later years, and like many big soprano voices, Rysanek reverted to dramatic mezzo-soprano roles like Herodias in Salome, Klytemnestra in Elektra and the Kostelnička in Janáček's Jenůfa. "	" Work (composer), role, conductor, year of recording, label."	female
"After spending time in India teaching English, Allsopp returned to the UK and began a series of positions, working for Country Living and Food & Homes Magazine and her mother's business, Hindlip & Prentice Interiors, and studying at Christie's. "	" Allsopp was reported in 2008 and 2009 to be an advisor to the Conservative Party on housing matters, but has denied this."	female
"The court was told that during the period in question, Christian had two girlfriends of legal age. "	 One was a pest control officer who came to Pitcairn to rid the island of rats.	female
"After the 2002 elections, she remained Vice Chancellor on a provisional basis until the coalition between ÖVP and FPÖ was renewed in early 2003, and has since had no involvement in politics. "	" Since 2004, Riess-Passer has been the CEO of the Wüstenrot-Gruppe."	female
"Later, she received a Doctor of Philosophy in International Health Studies from Queen Margaret University, in Edinburgh, Scotland. "	 Ssali is an experienced social scientist with a long track record in the field stretching back to the late 1990s.	female
"She was educated at the University of Otago, where she graduated with a BA in languages and a Bachelor of Music (honours). "	 Marillier taught music at the high school and university levels and has also served as a choral conductor and opera singer.	female
In 1980 she was commissioned as an Engineer Officer through the Ohio Army Guard's Officer Candidate School. 	" Ashenhurst commanded and held staff officer assignments from battalion, company, brigade, and Joint Force Headquarters."	female
"With the involvement of her high school music department, Paulini was also a participant in Sydney's annual Schools Spectacular variety show. "	" After leaving high school, Paulini worked in a retail clothing store and became a full-time musician."	female
Her first assignment was at Bolling Air Force Base in Washington where she worked as an intelligence research specialist. 	 Montes advanced rapidly through the ranks at the DIA and became its most senior Cuban analyst.	female
"Murby was a founder member of the Fabian Women's Group, and served as its treasurer in its early years. "	" By the 1920s, Murby had become a health inspector."	female
"Grace is a work of art herself, as are the covers for Island Life, Slave to the Rhythm and Living My Life, but best of all is the louche image of Nightclubbing by Jean-Paul Goude, part Tretchikoff's Green Lady, part the best advert for smoking you've ever seen. "	" According to i-D, it was a series of consistently stellar album artwork that helped propel [the singer] from musician to icon."	female
"The two remaining convicts begin to suspect the undercover cop, and threaten to kill the geologist if she doesn't reveal herself. "	" A fight ensues between the convicts and the undercover officer, assisted by the geologist."	female
"While flying a P-59 jet fighter during gunnery training, she witnessed tracer rounds coming within feet of the aircraft's nose. "	 The job of a test engineer was a dangerous one.	female
"Hala Moddelmog (born January 3, 1956) became the first female president and CEO of the Metro Atlanta Chamber (MAC) in January 2014 following a career in the corporate and non-profit sectors. "	 Moddelmog has 19 years of career experience in president and CEO roles.	female
She clerked for Justice Alan B. Handler of the New Jersey Supreme Court and has taught at University of Washington since 1996. 	" As of 2011, Ramasastry is a senior advisor in the International Trade Administration at the US Dept."	female
"In 1209, William I of Scotland sent his daughters Margaret and Isobel to John as hostages to keep peace between Scotland and England, and they were also imprisoned at Corfe Castle along with Eleanor. "	 They were sometimes allowed to ride out under the strictest guard.	female
She won the first of her state prizes in 1950 for this work. 	 Feoktistov became a laboratory chief in 1952.	female
"Manchu Princess, Japanese Spy: The Story of Kawashima Yoshiko, the Cross-Dressing Spy Who Commanded Her Own Army is a 2015 book by Phyllis Birnbaum, published by Columbia University Press. "	" According to the author, the reputation of Kawashima being a soldier and spy was likely inflated."	female
"As the first female chief minister of West Bengal, one of her first decisions was to return 400 acres of land to Singur farmers. "	" The cabinet has decided to return 400 acres to unwilling farmers in Singur, the chief minister said."	female
"She reported that she briefed no go-around because no takeoffs were authorized on the runway at night or in IMC conditions; however, the first officer knew this was incorrect, but did not challenge the captain. "	 The captain said the first officer was passive and quiet.	female
"In 1989, when she was first approached by Bendon to promote their lingerie in Australia, Macpherson saw an opportunity to reverse their strategy and suggested a licensing arrangement, with products bearing her name and designs created in partnership with Bendon's team. "	" Macpherson took a significant role in the development and management of the company, serving as chief marketing officer and later Creative Director."	female
One of her major innovations was her creation of an apparatus for radio-wave reception. 	 Hamburger joined the Swiss military in 1939 and was promoted to chief of the telecommunication troops in 1950.	female
"Lady Rosebery owned large investments in North America, including ranches in Texas and mines in Montana. "	 The newspaper went on to describe Rosebery as looking like a prosperous farmer.	female
The Vital Voices Global Leadership Network connects thousands of women leaders who have participated in Vital Voices conferences and training programs around the globe. 	 Verveer served as Chair of the Board and Co-CEO until early 2009.	female
"Following the Quackenbush events and the term of the acting commissioner (during which period Ossias was assigned only minor cases, thereby appeasing insurers allegedly lobbying for her termination), John Garamendi was reelected Insurance Commissioner. "	" Under Garamendi, Ossias served as lead counsel/project manager in CDI's case involving the claims and business practices of the nation's largest disability income insurance holding company, UnumProvident Corp."	female
"Her research resulted in her coauthoring a book entitled The Complete Capuchin [1] which explores the lives of capuchin monkeys in relation to their lives in nature, including their physical, mental and social characteristics. "	" Regarding gender and science, Fedigan's interest began with how the gender of the scientist affects research on sex differences and moved to a broader focus on the role of gender in scientific disciplines."	female
	 The award is given to “significant contributions to the geophysical sciences by an outstanding early career scientist.”	female
"Kelleher also site managed Intel's Rio Rancho, New Mexico Fab 11X fabrication facility for a period before finally moving to Portland, Oregon in 2015 where she lives as of 2018. "	 Kelleher was general manager of the Fab/Sort Manufacturing organisation.	female
"Shortly after midnight, a westbound driver drifted out of lane; she was later ruled to have been legally drunk at the time. "	 The driver got out to inspect the damage.	female
"Williams put much effort into working with youth choirs to perform her works, including Mary Lou's Mass at St. "	 It marked the first time a jazz musician had played at the church.	female
"From 1992 to 1998 she was a visiting associate professor of the Department of Surgery, Keio University School of Medicine, Tokyo, and in 1999 was promoted to a visiting professor of the university. "	 Mukai was assigned the deputy mission scientist for STS-107.	female
"During her first job interview with an insurance company, Koss, who was engaged at the time, was rejected for the reason that married women will have children and leave. "	" Being able to create margins, headings and page numbers on the fly, Koss was the first programmer to attempt computer based word processing."	female
"The Know-Nothing spirit, which had but a short time previously led to the Philadelphia riots was still rampant, and the sisters had much to suffer from bigotry and difficulties of many kinds. "	" Shortly afterwards they were given charge of several parochial schools, and thus entered on what was to be their chief work in the coming years."	female
"Morissette (as the driver) gets out of the car, and all her passengers have disappeared. "	" The driver in a red knit beanie was the one in control, the responsible one."	female
"But Rocky is terrible to Tib, even ridiculing her in front of friends! "	 Eventually Tib meets a kind & handsome soldier while ice skating and they fall in love.	female
She is the first female conductor to be named chief conductor of the Vienna RSO. 	" Alsop is to hold the title of chief conductor designate with immediate effect, through the 2018–2019 season."	female
She set three world records: in the 1000 m in 1972 and in the 4×800 m relay in 1969 and 1976. 	 Hoffmeister was a sports teacher by training and after retiring from competitions became deputy chief of the Children and Youth School in Cottbus.	female
Between 2015 and 2017 she was named three times as an NFHCA All-American while playing for Louisville Cardinals. 	" While based in Louisville, Kentucky, McFerran also worked as a goalkeeper coach at a local field hockey club, IFHCK."	female
"Confused, Milja turns to a female guard and asks her what happens next. "	 The guard tells Milja that a vote will be held to decide whether or not to let Milja stay.	female
"While she is reported in some circles to have been one of the primary architects of the HTS program, she was not. "	" Some time in 2007, McFate joined HTS as the Social Science Advisor."	female
"Bush administration, then-Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole recruited her for the Department of Labor. "	" Dominguez served as Assistant Secretary for Employment Standards, Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) and Architect of the Labor Department's Glass Ceiling Initiative."	female
The person sitting in the vehicle's passenger seat was caught by police putting a plastic baggie with syringes in her purse. 	" When paramedics arrived, they administered Naloxone to Morasca, who was physically combative throughout the process, biting a police officer's arm after having been placed in an ambulance."	female
"She studied European Studies at Maastricht University in the Netherlands, and then earned a LLM from the University of Edinburgh. "	 Andreeva then worked as a press officer for the Bulgarian commissioner.	female
"In the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada, they became the 1st Senior Australian Football Team to win a knockout match in a World Cup when they defeated Brazil 1–0 in the Round of 16 before losing 1–0 to Japan in the quarter finals. "	" Currently, Stajcic stands as the only Australian-born head coach to win a match at a FIFA World Cup."	female
She also finished 17th in the two-woman event at the 2005 FIBT World Championships in Calgary. 	 Gavine-Hlady also was awarded the track and field award for most improved coach.	female
"Among them, she has won an Academy Award, three Golden Globes, a BAFTA, an Emmy, two David di Donatello, and was the first-ever recipient of a Leopard Club Award, which honors film professionals whose work has left a mark on the collective imagination. "	 Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters.	female
"A short time into her part-time job, the store's owner stepped down and offered Bestwick to take over the business, to which she agreed. "	" At Microbyte, Bestwick was promoted time and time again, eventually becoming promotions manager and later sales manager."	female
She is noted for her interpretations of French mélodies and German lieder. 	" Stutzmann also plays piano, bassoon and is a chamber musician."	female
"A 911 caller reported that a woman had been speeding down the street, struck a parked car, got out of the vehicle, and then left on foot. "	" Forty minutes later, another call was placed indicating that the driver had returned."	female
"While not seen by the others as a superhero, she is very intelligent and organized. "	" Concierge is present on most missions, often seen with a tablet computer, filling in with needed resources that others often lack."	female
Kirby says that her mother is still very important in her life. 	 I remember sitting on the coach back from the last game of the season and I just cried.	female
In 2003 she graduated from the Moscow State Academy of Instrument Engineering and Information qualified as an economist. 	" Prior to enrollment as a cosmonaut, Serova had worked as an engineer of the 2nd category for the RSC Energia, and in the Mission Control Center."	female
In her spare time she was involved with a number of cultural and sporting initiatives as well as writing for the local paper and co-writing a book on the history of the performing arts. 	 Parsons also served as Cultural Officer from 1984-1989 and has been active in culture and sports.	female
"Dr. Mathur has a teaching experience of more than 16 years, she started her career as an assistant professor in 2003 at Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi. "	 Dr. Mathur is a very proactive Scientist and has been into various extramural and administrative activities.	female
"After receiving her MFA, Guzman returned to Apple and worked there for five years on projects including FaceTime, iMessage, and additional emoji sets. "	" As of 2020 Guzman is the CEO and founder of Tijiko, a company centered on digital coaching."	female
"She was the nominee for comptroller of the currency before her nomination was withdrawn at her request on December 7, 2021. "	 Omarova previously served as an advisor within the Department of the Treasury.	female
"Once a yellow pony steps out of the train, Twilight and her friends think that she is Ms. Harshwhinny and go to welcome her. "	" The friends show the inspector the castle, who seems to have claustrophobia and altocelarophobia."	female
She captained both Orioles and Fever. 	" After retiring as a player, Rosman became a coach."	female
She is married and has been a medical doctor since 2009. 	 Rottländer is currently chief resident in internal medicine at a hospital in Switzerland.	female
"In 1976 she was promoted to Manager of Children's Programs by Margaret Loesch, then Director of Children's Programs. "	" Animation in 1980, and eventually became a vice president and general manager."	female
"An Independent, she was the first female Chancellor of Austria. "	" Bierlein served as the advocate general of the Procurator's Office – essentially the country's chief public prosecutor – from 1990 to 2002, as well as a member of the executive board of the International Association of Prosecutors from 2001 to 2003."	female
She continued to teach immunology online until her death. 	 Pontzer joined the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health (NCCIH) as a scientific review officer in 2002.	female
"That year she also won first prize at the Festival de la Chanson at Ostende, Belgium. "	 Leyrac was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1967 and was the subject of an hour-long documentary on CBC television in 1972.	female
"The final member of Empowered's primary supporting cast is an immortal, cosmically powerful being called The Caged Demonwolf, whom Empowered prevented from destroying the Earth by imprisoning its essence within a bondage belt gained from another of her previous misadventures. "	" While The Caged Demonwolf was initially hostile, it has since become both an advisor and friend to Empowered, Thugboy and Ninjette."	female
"In 1990s her interactive art projects, mostly occupied with metaphors, tele-presence and relation of the real world and cyber-space, were featured in magazines such as Hotwired, and presented at Ars Electronica arts and technology festival's Net Art selection in Linz, Austria in 1997. "	" Bulaja was the originator, editor-in-chief, manager, director and designer of the project."	female
"The writers have cleverly embraced the gap Mags left behind; instead of trying to replace her directly, they've used her absence to create the sense of a town on the precipice of a crime war. "	" This week's episode, however, reminds us that Mags was never truly the chief villain of Justified to begin with."	female
One of the most significant contributors of Garm was Tove Jansson who started her career in the magazine as a cartoonist in 1929 when she was just fifteen. 	 Over time the former became the magazine's chief illustrator.	female
"In 2004, she accepted a position as assistant coach for Ohio State University, to work with Buckeyes women's ice hockey head coach Jackie Barto, who had been Lachapelle's coach at Providence. "	 Lachapelle stayed as the assistant coach at Ohio State from 2004 to 2008.	female
"During the Second Italo-Ethiopian War she and her family were prisoners of war and were sent by the Italians to the prison camp on the Italian island of Asinara and later to Mercogliano, near Naples. "	 Kontorowicz and Guèbrou returned to Ethiopia where Kontorowicz was appointed as musical director of the band of the Imperial Body Guard.	female
"In September 2004, Exley scored after four seconds of a League Cup tie against Aston Villa from inside her own half. "	" Exley was top scorer for Doncaster Belles in the following two seasons, winning the manager's Player of the Year award in 2006."	female
"She has worked in a range of scientific and environmental management roles in addition to her Antarctic roles, including environment negotiator for New Zealand free trade agreements, and establishment unit convenor for the Crop and Food Research Institute. "	" Notably, Wratt was chief executive of the not for profit Cawthron Institute during 2006–2012."	female
"She started her career as a striker, but as her career progressed, she moved further back on the field, and was playing toward the end of her career in central defence. "	" Apart from playing football, Medalen worked as a police officer."	female
Cao's first international debut was at the 2003 World Wushu Championships where she was the world champion in women's changquan. 	" Around this time, Cao became the coach of the Shandong Wushu Team."	female
"During her campaign announcement in 2015, Hewitt stated, People are tired of career politicians. "	" As an engineer, I am a problem solver."	female
"Her students, in several sports, became national champions and participants of world and European championships. "	" Senior coach School of Olympic Reserve, Bialova has thirteen years working with athletes in wheelchairs."	female
"She participated in the 2013 London Marathon in aid of Age UK, the Deloitte Ride Across Britain from Lands End to John O'Groats, the Prudential London Triathlon, and a marathon row for cancer research. "	 Sotherton is a performance coach and specialises in running.	female
He is best known for founding the travel agency Thomas Cook & Son. 	" At the age of 10, Cook started working as an assistant to a local market gardener for a wage of six pence a week."	male
Other sources claim he lost his hand in a hunting accident. 	 Giuffrè was trained as an agricultural sciences specialist.	male
Kur received a bachelor's degree from Ithaca College in 1970 and his masters of communications at Columbia University. 	" Kur's first job in journalism was for the Eastern Educational Network as a researcher, reporter and writer."	male
"After his time with the Volunteers, he spent two years after that as the quarterbacks coach at Southeast Missouri State. "	 Gruden then moved to the University of the Pacific in 1989 as offensive assistant as the tight ends coach.	male
"He also was a beat reporter covering the Yankees, Mets, Giants, and Jets. "	 Reali joined ESPN in 2000 as a researcher and writer for 2 Minute Drill.	male
"In late November 1937, Michalske returned to Lafayette College for his second year as the head coach of the basketball team. "	 Michalske was hired as an assistant football coach and scout for the Cardinals.	male
This outlook is reflected in some of his early writings. 	" Tanizaki had a brief career in silent cinema, working as a script writer for the Taikatsu film studio."	male
He has also won awards for his reporting on gun violence and the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests. 	 Lahman was a senior editor for Total Sports Publishing from 1999 to 2001.	male
Lao She lived there until his death 16 years later. 	 The courtyard contains persimmon trees planted by the writer.	male
"Subsequently, he was invited to the editorial board of Nyugat and became a close friend of its editor, the post-symbolist poet and writer Mihály Babits. "	" During World War II, Illyés was nominated editor-in-chief of Nyugat following the death of Mihály Babits."	male
"He was interested in computers at a young age; when Stallman was a pre-teen at a summer camp, he read manuals for the IBM 7094. "	 Stallman was also a volunteer laboratory assistant in the biology department at Rockefeller University.	male
"Between the ages of 20 and 25, he sent in a large number of submissions to comics companies, although he ultimately abandoned this approach to breaking into the industry, considering it too much of a lottery. "	" Best known as a writer, Bendis started out as an artist, doing work for local magazines and newspapers, including caricature work."	male
"He was an unsuccessful candidate for the South Dakota Senate in 1894, but in 1896, he ran successfully for South Dakota Attorney General, defeating the nominees of the Republican and Prohibition parties. "	" As attorney general, Grigsby was responsible for ending the investigation into supposedly missing funds in the office of the State Auditor."	male
In only one year (1805) he was raised to Professor aged only 24. 	" This was as Professor of Zoology, Human Anatomy and Comparative Anatomy at Landshut University."	male
"Tenshō Shūbun (天章 周文, died c. 1444–50) was a Japanese Zen Buddhist monk and painter of the Muromachi period. "	 Shūbun was born in the late 14th century in Ōmi Province and became a professional painter around 1403.	male
"In 1913, he created Keeping Up with the Joneses, based on his Nassau County experiences. "	" After retiring from cartooning, Momand became a portrait painter."	male
"He laid out the botanical gardens at Messina in 1635, where he cultivated many exotic medicinal plants (now the Orto Botanico Pietro Castelli of the University of Messina). "	" Castelli was equally distinguished as a botanist, chemist, and surgeon."	male
As a consultant he advised partners in the European Processor Initiative. 	" From 2019, Braam has been a Visiting Professor of Physics at Oxford University."	male
He earned his master's degree in biology at Reed College and his PhD at Princeton University in 1943. 	" After college, McElroy became a professor at Johns Hopkins University."	male
"His state's awards include 5th and 4th Classes of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd Class of the Order of Merit, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Order of the Badge of Honour, Order for Personal Courage, and Personal Firing Weapon. "	 Durdynets is an honorary professor of the National Academy of Internal Affairs.	male
Resident Friedrich Muench became known for his expertise in the cultivation of grapes and wine making. 	 Muench was a prominent writer and lecturer and wrote a number of books.	male
"Wrenfordsley qualified as a solicitor, became a journeyman lawyer in Dublin and at the English Bar, called to the bar on 30 April 1863, he was junior counsel for the Privy Council office in House of Commons inquiries into the foreign cattle market. "	 Wrenfordsley later joined the colonial service and was appointed as a puisne judge at Mauritius in 1877.	male
"Historically, once in possession of the benefice, the holder had lifelong tenure unless he failed to provide the required minimum of spiritual services or committed a moral offence. "	" At one time, an incumbent might choose to enjoy the income of the benefice and appoint an assistant curate to discharge all the spiritual duties of the office at a lesser salary."	male
"His own works included mannerist mythological subjects, but also portraits and genre paintings influenced by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, such as the Kermis in the Hermitage Museum. "	" As a writer van Mander worked in various genres: drama, poetry, songs, biography and art theory."	male
He is the closest thing to me genetically. 	 And in my prime I was a super athlete.	male
The book intervenes just as a hand grenade is thrown at him. 	 A mad professor has developed a virus that kills everyone once released.	male
"In 1949, he moved to Paris and exhibited work throughout France, Germany and Switzerland.[citation needed] He then moved to Alba, near Avignon, where he remained until 1955. "	 Obregón is primarily a painter.	male
"When the Redskins advanced to Super Bowl XXVI, Kornheiser and his Post colleagues Jeanne McManus and Norman Chad drove in a 38-foot recreational vehicle decorated as the Bandwagon for a 1,200-mile journey to Minneapolis, Minnesota. "	 Kornheiser later described the Bandwagon columns as the most fun I ever had as a writer.	male
"The removal of internal organs from three of the victims led to contemporary proposals that considerable anatomical knowledge was displayed by the murderer, which would seem to indicate that his occupation was that of a butcher or a surgeon. "	" Most of the anonymous confessional letters were dismissed by the police as hoaxes but one, known as the From Hell letter after a phrase used by the writer, was treated more seriously; it was sent with a small box containing half of a preserved human kidney."	male
Johnny tries to enlist his fellow newsboy friends to help prove his father's innocence. 	" They try to convince the judge, but are unsuccessful."	male
From 1939 until 1940 he was Vice-Minister of War of the Polish Government in Exile in London. 	 From 1945 until 1973 professor of the Polish University in Exile.	male
"County, California sex industry publisher who both advertised in the paper and allowed Kunkin to use his presses after he lost his original printers. "	 Kunkin stayed on as editor for about two years and then left.	male
"Despite his limited success on the main ATP circuit, Sluiter won 10 ATP Challenger Tour titles during his career. "	" Though a singles specialist, Sluiter was also an occasional doubles player."	male
His poems were mentioned in the book Ignorance written by Milan Kundera. 	" Skácel was the editor of Host do domu, an important literary magazine between 1963 and 1969."	male
"In his early teens, he was first exposed to computing when he was given a Commodore 64 computer, which he used to teach himself about computing and computer networks. "	" Kehoe wrote two books and a number of technology articles in the specialist press (e.g., Boardwatch Magazine) on the topic of the Internet."	male
"During the next two months he flew six more sorties against targets including Berlin, Hamburg and Karlsruhe, before being posted to No. "	 14 Operational Training Unit as an instructor.	male
"Following the split of party leader Jay Lovestone and his cothinkers in 1929, Herberg remained loyal to them, a decision earning his expulsion from the party on September 10, 1929. "	" Thereafter Herberg joined the so-called Lovestoneites, remaining with that organization until its termination at the end of 1940, serving as editor of the group's weekly newspaper, Workers Age."	male
"He was chosen a member of the Académie des Sciences in 1836, filling the seat of André-Marie Ampère. "	" Sturm became répétiteur in 1838, and in 1840 professor in the École Polytechnique."	male
"Albee insisted that he did not want to be known as a gay writer, saying in his acceptance speech for the 2011 Lambda Literary Foundation's Pioneer Award for Lifetime Achievement: A writer who happens to be gay or lesbian must be able to transcend self. "	 I am a writer who happens to be gay.	male
"Despite opposing the war, he volunteered for combat duty first as a rifleman then as a radio operator, spending time in one of the worst sectors of the war before being invalided out by a lung infection after 15 months' service. "	" Werth was an unclassifiable writer with an acid prose, who wrote of the inter-war period as well as advocating against colonialism (Cochinchine, 1928)."	male
"On April 23, 1911, twenty-six men gathered together in the same hall, along with Reverend Ullrich and Reverend Meyer, and formally organized Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hodgkins, Illinois. "	 Reverend Ullrich was called as the assistant pastor.	male
"Returning home in 1909, from then until 1917 he taught history at the Kutaisi Georgian Gymnasium, and was headmaster of the Sinatle girls' school from 1915 to 1917. "	" From 1918 to 1950, Uznadze was Professor and Head of the Department of Psychology of TSU."	male
"Interpreting the contributions of Marx and Weber, in particular, as foundations for a dynamic theory of modern society, he starts out from the proposition that it is only from the perspective of “globalization” (including the debates about restructuring, transnational corporations, and neo-imperialism) that the contradictions and paradoxes of modern society can be disentangled.[citation needed] The spectrum of his theoretical reference points reach from the critical theory of the Frankfurt School at one end, to Joseph Schumpeter's social theory of capitalism, at the other. "	" Dahms is also associate editor of Basic Income Studies, Soundings."	male
"Euthymides was a rival of his fellow Athenian Euphronios, and one of his amphorae is additionally marked with the playful taunt hos oudepote Euphronios, words which have been variously interpreted as as never Euphronios [could do], or this wasn't one of Euphronios. "	" Only eight vessels signed by Euthymides survive, six signed as painter, and two as potter."	male
Upon his resignation from the Center for Inquiry he launched the Institute for Science and Human Values as a separate entity. 	" Kurtz was editor-in-chief of ISHV's journal, The Human Prospect: A NeoHumanist Perspective."	male
"On December 5, 2005, after PD Su-cheop stirred a national controversy, Cheong Wa Dae reaffirmed its unflinching support for Hwang and his research team. "	" Roh said, We'll continue to support Professor Hwang."	male
"Investigating a chemical leak from the floor above, he discovers that the inhabitant directly overhead is a strange, old, and reclusive physician. "	" The doctor demonstrates supreme medical skill, and saves the narrator with a combination of medications."	male
"Masterson was back in Dodge City on November 1, 1884, where he issued a small newspaper called Vox Populi which was devoted to local political issues. "	" Masterson, editor, which in appearance is very neat and tidy."	male
"It was at the courthouse that he was discovered by a lawyer and Anglican priest, Thomas Bluett of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, travelling through on business. "	 The lawyer was impressed by Ayuba's ability to write in Arabic.	male
"In its obituary of Oosterbaan, The Sporting News described him as a phenomenal student-athlete who in his senior year at Michigan was captain of the football team, led the Big Ten Conference in scoring in basketball and was the league's leading hitter in baseball, a sport he had not pursued while in high school. "	 Oosterbaan was both a scholar and an athlete.	male
"A traveller returning to New York found that he had only a ten-dollar postal money order, and that his train fare was seven dollars. "	" The ticket clerk refused to accept the money order, so the traveller went across the road to a pawn shop and pawned it for seven dollars."	male
"During his studies in Yale, Gager was a Freedom Rider, and was arrested in Jackson, Mississippi in June 1961. "	" Professor Gager is also an avid rock climber, kayaker, and cyclist."	male
"While subsequently appearing in Cinderella in Leeds, he collapsed in his dressing room. "	" The attending doctor administered morphine, to which Formby briefly became addicted."	male
"Little is known of his personal life, but he was an esteemed painter in Perugia before Perugino, who is said to be his pupil. "	 Bonfigli as a painter was heavily influenced by Fra Angelico.	male
"His current wife is Anita Greenspan, who runs the film music managing company Greenspan Kohan Management with Neil Kohan. "	 Mothersbaugh is a collector and connoisseur of song poems and unusual or vintage musical devices.	male
"He received a BA from Carleton College, a PhD in Management from the MIT Sloan School of Management, and holds four honorary doctorates. "	" Further on Meadows has been a tenured professor in faculties of management, engineering, and social sciences."	male
"In his Daytona 500 Qualifying Race, he spun on lap 44 and finished 25th, failing to make the 500. "	" Cook served as the Whelen Modified Series' director when it began in 1985, and is currently NASCAR's Competition Administrator."	male
"However, Zoran Filipović re-joined the FR Yugoslavia national team in 1999 continuing his collaboration with Vujadin Boškov when he took over. "	 Filipović was the assistant at the Euro 2000.	male
During his tenure as the head coach of the Michigan Tech Huskies Mancini led the Huskies to three Western Collegiate Hockey Association Final Five appearances. 	 Mancini served as an assistant coach and the director of player personnel for the USA Hockey National Team Development Program from 1997-2000.	male
"Truxillo claimed that his firing was because of his radical beliefs and argued, Tenure is based on a vote from my colleagues. "	 Few are in favor of a Chicano professor advocating a Chicano nation state.	male
Here the Duke is suffering from money worries as Cornwell states he knew that money kept an army efficient. 	" The books tells a fictionalised account of the destruction of Almeida which, as Cornwell notes conveniently for a writer of fiction, remains a mystery."	male
"The idea for a single archive to preserve the records of New York City's vibrant trade union movement was first advanced in the early 1970s by Stephen Charney Vladeck, son of Socialist trade union activist Baruch Charney Vladeck. "	" Vladeck, a prominent labor lawyer, was concerned about inadequate scholarship and teaching about the history of the labor movement and saw the need for establishment of a central repository for historical documents."	male
"In February 1934, he was appointed the Head of Department of Military-Engineering Science of General Staff Academy. "	" Since 1936, Karbyshev was an assistant to the Head of Department of Large Formations' Tactics of the Academy."	male
Shortly before his death he was elected as an Academician of the Social Sciences. 	 Wragg was a prolific writer.	male
"His student and collaborator, Vladimir Steklov, recalled his first lecture in the following way: A handsome young man, almost of the age of the other students, came before the audience, where there was also the old Dean, professor Levakovsky, who was respected by all students. "	 This subject was already known to the students from the lectures of professor Delarue.	male
"He then went to St Catherine's College at the University of Oxford where he read Philosophy, Politics and Economics. "	" After Oxford, Mabey worked as a lecturer in Social Studies in Further Education at Dacorum College, Hemel Hempstead, then as a Senior Editor at Penguin Books."	male
"Carlos Catasse (1944 – January 19, 2010), born Carlos Tapia Sepúlveda in Santiago, Chile, formed his new last name by combining the first two letters of his first, middle and last names. "	 Catasse is a Chilean painter of international recognition.	male
"Meanwhile, the praetor Publius Manlius marched into Turdetania with the army he had taken over from Quintus Minucius, joining it with the force the other praetor, Appius Claudius Nero, had in Hispania Ulterior. "	" The reason why Manlius, who had been sent to Hispania Citerior as consular assistant, should campaign in Hispania Ulterior and also take the command of the troops of the praetor of the other province in unclear."	male
"In 2003-2004, he served as a member of the Secretary of State's Advisory Panel on Africa, and was a Presidential appointee to the Council of the National Endowment for the Humanities. "	" A trustee of Oberlin College, Rotberg is a visiting professor at the College of Europe in Bruges, Belgium."	male
"William Rondina is an American designer as well as the Founder, CEO and Chairman of The Connaught Group, Ltd and William Rondina, Inc. in New York City. "	 Rondina is a philanthropist and art collector.	male
"In 1999, he was elected to the city council of Tehran in the first city elections after the 1979 revolution. "	" Hajjarian was also the editor of Sobh-e Emrooz newspaper, which was a strong advocate of Khatami's reforms."	male
"Attorney for New Jersey, he prosecuted many cases involving drug trafficking and organized crime. "	" From 1981 to 1985, Alito was Assistant to U.S."	male
"The changing nature of the connection between the Americans and the British Royal Navy is captured in Aubrey's expressions of gratitude to Michael Herapath for his help in their escape from the French spies, out to a Royal Navy ship in Boston harbor. "	 The American Herapath had served as assistant to Maturin on the Leopard.	male
"After receiving his PhD, he applied successfully for an academic position at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). "	 Viterbi was later a professor of electrical engineering at UCLA and UCSD.	male
Heymann is most known for his 1988 design of an environmentally friendly house for then Governor of Texas George W. 	 Heymann is a contributing writer for Places Journal.	male
"At the jail, the Little Falls police chief asked him to please go home. "	 The chief told the judge that Crapsey was charged with disorderly conduct.	male
"She conveyed her suspicions to some of her husband's medical colleagues who, after interviewing him and searching the house, found ample proofs of murder and committed him to an asylum. "	 This article comments that the identity of that incarnate fiend was settled some time ago and that the murderer was a demented physician afflicted with wildly uncontrollable erotic mania.	male
In 1940  he sued the New York Graphic Society for reproducing a painting without his permission. 	" While initially the ruling went against the painter, it was eventually reversed; the decision now protects artists' creative works."	male
"He graduated B. Sc. at Geneva in 1829, and pursued his studies for a short time at Paris, where under the influence of Georges Cuvier, de Blainville and others, he worked at natural history and comparative anatomy. "	" Five years later, when de Candolle retired, Pictet was appointed professor of zoology and comparative anatomy."	male
"He was the son of Eliezer Steinman, the Hebrew author and essayist. "	 Shaham was editor-in-chief of Sifriat Poalim Publishing House.	male
"At the age of 16, Professor Shonku received his BSc degree with honours in two subjects, Physics and Chemistry. "	 Professor Shonku is a polyglot who knows 69 languages.	male
"He shut down the organization in 1961, retired to Guadalajara in 1975, and later moved to Southern California in 1980s. "	 Brundage was also a writer and poet closely associated with the Beats.	male
He finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Water Polo Team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 	" Since 2003, Hermsen is a professor at the University of Amsterdam in Astrophysics."	male
"He specialized in cotton and rubber plants and the classification of palms, particularly the palms of Hispaniola. "	 Cook served as Honorary Assistant Curator of Cryptogamic Collections at the United States National Herbarium from 1898 until 1948.	male
"The Boogie Woogie Bakery Man, performed by the Sister Sisters (Betty Allan, Diane Pendleton and Gloria Wood), had a structure and arrangement closely styled after The Andrews Sisters' hit song, Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy. "	 The song itself is about an oriental baker of fortune cookies.	male
"According to Burchfield's friend and colleague Edward Hopper, The work of Charles Burchfield is most decidedly founded, not on art, but on life, and the life that he knows and loves best. "	" Burchfield has been more recently described as the mystic, cryptic painter of transcendental landscapes, trees with telekinetic halos, and haunted houses emanating ectoplasmic auras."	male
"There he launched the Telus Transformation Office to improve workplace culture and the Telus MBA, a customized executive MBA tailored for promising employees at University of Victoria's Peter B. Gustavson School of Business. "	 Pontefract also serves as an adjunct professor at the business school.	male
"One of his pupils, Helmut Gipper, prominently developed his ideas in modified form, in a series of articles and as co-editor of the Duden Grammatik from the late 1950s onwards. "	" Gipper was also influential as co-editor of an extensive bibliography on Sprachinhaltsforschung, as linguistics broadly within the Weisgerber tradition has come to be known."	male
"Of his many novels, the first, Im Baune des schwarzen Adlers (1876), is considered by many critics his best. "	 Gottschall was active as an editor and compiler of anthologies.	male
"During the early stages of his career, he is known to have signed writings with the name George Bogza (George being a variant of Gheorghe). "	" Bogza attended school in Ploiești and trained as a sailor at the Naval Academy in Constanța, but never sought employment in the Romanian Naval Forces."	male
"He said he had known Nicholas Jacobs all his life and had seen him attack Blakelock with a mini sword or similar, making repeated stabbing motions toward Blakelock. "	 The defence lawyer told the court that Q was a fantasist.	male
"In 1981, he joined The Atlantic as a staff writer, later becoming national correspondent; since 1988, he has been a contributing editor. "	" Easterbrook has been a political columnist for Reuters, a senior editor and then contributing editor to The New Republic, and a fellow in economic studies and then in governance studies at the Brookings Institution (that fellowship lasted for nine years up until 2011)."	male
He completed his doctorate from the University of Helsinki in 1930. 	 Ahlfors worked as an associate professor at the University of Helsinki from 1933 to 1936.	male
"Pearlman was the Schulich Distinguished Chair of music at McGill University in Montreal, specializing in the programs in music theory, sound recording and music technology; he later served as Centenary Fellow at the McLuhan Center for Culture and Technology at the University of Toronto, where he co-taught a course on Digital Media Distribution. "	" As a Professor and as a public speaker, Pearlman lectured on the architecture of the music industry, strategies for re-monetizing music downloads, and the history and future of music."	male
"In 1919, the Laboratory became a part of the Warsaw University of Technology, where, as a professor, Miklaszewski worked until the end of his life. "	" Professor Miklaszewski was very active in the scientific, didactic, organizational and publishing fields."	male
"Martin Irving Glickman (August 14, 1917 – January 3, 2001) was an American radio announcer who was famous for his broadcasts of the New York Knicks basketball games and the football games of the New York Giants and the New York Jets. "	 Glickman was a noted track and field athlete and football star at Syracuse University.	male
"According to the Suda, the massive tenth century Byzantine Greek historical encyclopaedia, he was the son of Socles, but was adopted by Lycus of Rhegium. "	 Lycophron is also said to have been a skilful writer of anagrams.	male
He studied at the University of Munich under the noted chemist Justus von Liebig; he was Liebig's last student. 	 Loew became associate professor at Munich University in 1886.	male
"He received his Ph.D. in history from Columbia University in New York, working with David Herbert Donald. "	" McWhiney became a noted specialist on the American Civil War era, as well as southern social and economic history."	male
"H. the Prince of Wales visit in 1875–6, from William S. Potter to his sister, one could make a stronger case for Potter, as there are similarities in writing style between the book of letters and The Romance of Lust. "	 Ashbee asserts that Potter acted as editor to contributions by a number of aficionados.	male
Podhoretz served as Commentary magazine's Editor-in-Chief from 1960 (when he replaced Elliot E. Cohen) until his retirement in 1995. 	 Podhoretz remains Commentary's Editor-at-Large.	male
"Hardman, in partnership with his physician brother, William B. Hardman, opened the Hardman Sanitorium in Harmony Grove, the most advanced hospital facility in northeast Georgia at that time. "	 It was soon claimed that Hardman had become a nationally renowned physician.	male
Rubik considers university and the education it afforded him as the decisive event which shaped his life. 	" From 1971 to 1979, Rubik was a professor of architecture at the Budapest College of Applied Arts (Iparművészeti Főiskola)."	male
"They seek out the Egregious Professor of Cruel and Unusual Geography, and find his office but no sign of the professor himself. "	 They then find a magical window in space leading from the professor's bathroom to a tropical island thousands of years in the past.	male
Professor Hirotaro Narabayashi and his colleagues were the first researchers to carry out stereotactic amygdalotomy for the treatment of abnormal aggression and hyperexcitability in a series of 60 patients with psychological disturbances. 	" The procedure was performed under a stereotactic frame devised by Professor Narabayashi and involved the administration 0.6-0.8ml mixture of oil-wax to destroy the lateral groups of the amygdala nucleus, localized via pneumoencephalography."	male
Foyt IV and his grandfather got in an argument regarding the car's setup resulting in the younger A. J. quitting the team. 	 Foyt has been employed by the Indianapolis Colts since 2010 as a scouting assistant.	male
That was why he loved Tolstoy so much. 	 Bunin has often been spoken of as a cold writer.	male
"When Uhlenbeck went into retirement, Ras was the obvious person to succeed him, So he was appointed professor of Javanese language and literature in 1985. "	" Of special importance for the specialist scholar are a number of lengthy, in-depth studies of aspects of Javanese culture and literature."	male
This collection was continued by his wife Cecilie Mendelssohn-Bartholdy (1898–1995). 	 Grafström was also a writer and an etcher.	male
They later moved to Western Australia where he attended Perth High School (now known as Hale School). 	 Bessell-Browne first job was as a clerk in the patents office in 1896.	male
"Sanneh further classified the song as classic Evanescence, which according to him meant bombastic, meticulously produced... [and] unreasonably addictive. "	" The writer went on to describe the song's chorus as grandiose and its bridge as glorious, glimmering."	male
"Then the files were kept by the Kraków journalist Mieczysław Kieta, who later on engaged himself with the most efforts for the exculpation of Münch. "	 Kieta worked within the command range of the SS-Hygienics Institute as a laboratory assistant under the supervision of Münch.	male
The native of South Dakota worked for the Oregon Department of Transportation from 1919 to 1935 and 1937 until he died in 1946. 	 McCullough also was a professor at Oregon State University.	male
"In August 1860 his first son, Annada Datta, was born, followed by the death of his young wife ten months later. "	" After a short tenure at a lucrative position as the head clerk at the Bardhaman revenue collector's office, Kedarnath felt morally compromised as well as insecure with the position of a rent collector, settling for a less profitable but more agreeable occupation as a clerk elsewhere."	male
He also ghost-wrote the Petrovs' book Empire of Fear. 	 Thwaites left ASIO in 1971 to become Assistant Parliamentary Librarian.	male
"He is the founder, advisor, and former chairman of Ibbotson Associates, now a Morningstar Company. "	" Professor Ibbotson conducts research on a broad range of financial topics, including popularity, liquidity, investment returns, mutual funds, international markets, portfolio management, and valuation."	male
"Kieft had his second and last abroad experience in 1990, joining FC Girondins de Bordeaux from France and again underachieving, returning to PSV and playing three more seasons until his retirement, averaging more than 11 goals in his second spell with the latter. "	" Kieft rejoined PSV in 2009, being named assistant coach of the club's youth sides."	male
"In 2010, the same university awarded him a Doctor of Medicine degree, based on his research and thesis on macrovascular complications of diabetes in adults in Botswana. "	" Dr Onen is a senior consultant physician at the Centre for Chronic Diseases, a private medical practice that offers treatment in a number of specialties, including Cardiology, Cardiovascular Diseases, Diabetes, Gastroenterology and Infectious Diseases, among others."	male
"In 2000, he was the first to win to this debut prize again, but this time under his heteronym Marek van der Jagt, for the novel De geschiedenis van mijn kaalheid (The Story of My Baldness). "	 Grunberg is a prolific and versatile writer.	male
On 24 May 2011 he was named new manager of II liga club Wigry Suwałki. 	 Since 2009 Vencevičius has been an assistant coach of the Lithuanian national team.	male
"In 1948 Heilman joined the University of Washington faculty, as chair of the English department, which he led until his retirement in 1971. "	" Heilman contributed for 60 years to the Sewanee Review, and was an advisory editor for nearly 30 years."	male
"The B side and bonus download track of the single called Ghost Camp, a song he co-wrote with former Smiths guitarist Craig Gannon, was written for a Salford Lads' Club award-winning play. "	" The writer said: Lazy Bohemians is a self-deprecating swipe against those whose talk about a revolution that never seems to get anywhere, a personal wake-up call to political apathy."	male
"About 40 hours after he had been formally inaugurated, Hevia resigned early Thursday morning in favor of Mendieta. "	" Hevia, who was also a surgeon, had been the first Cuban national to graduate from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, as a member of the Class of 1920."	male
"He attained his bachelor's degree in biology from the University of Kansas in 1984 and went on to receive his Ph.D. at the University of Miami in 1991, studying under herpetologist Jay M. Savage. "	" Slowinski was a founder of the first online herpetological journal, Contemporary Herpetology, and served as its editor-in-chief."	male
"During his final illness, he was given the honorary title of Canon of St. "	" Ellerton was best known as a hymnologist, editor, hymn-writer and translator."	male
"He has regularly taught courses on Microeconomics, International Finance, and Economic Growth. "	 Felbermayr is an associate editor for the European Economic Review and the International Review of Economics and Finance.	male
"Prior to going to Notre Dame, McBrien taught at Boston College, where he was director of the Institute of Religious Education and Pastoral Ministry. "	 McBrien published 25 books and was the general editor of the Encyclopedia of Catholicism.	male
"Because of his victories, his subordinates (mostly Belarusian, Cossack, and Polish volunteers) nicknamed him ataman, though some preferred to use the term Bat'ko – father. "	 Bułak-Bałachowicz became the military administrator of Pskov.	male
"After gaining his second diploma from the University of Zimbabwe, Mudenda went on to practice law and teach in Zimbabwe until his decision to enter politics. "	" Through connections to Mugabe personally and good results, Mudenda was soon promoted to provincial administrator and provincial governor."	male
"Boomerang releases him, in hopes that Zoom might help him better understand his version of the Entity's message. "	" However, Professor Zoom refused to answer and escaped as Digger was confronted by the Rogues."	male
"And one lucky ducky wrote to the Journal editor, offering to share his luck (in a form of logical argument sometimes known as a modest proposal): I will spend a year as a Wall Street Journal editor, while one lucky editor will spend a year in my underpaid shoes. "	" I will receive an editor's salary, and suffer the outrage of paying federal income tax on that salary."	male
He was educated at Winchester College and Guy's Hospital Medical School. 	 Terrington became a urological surgeon in 1970.	male
"Following service in the Navy during World War II, he joined the college coaching ranks as assistant basketball coach at the United States Merchant Marine Academy in 1946. "	 Jucker returned to the University of Cincinnati in 1953 as assistant basketball coach and baseball mentor.	male
"In spite of his short stature and slight build, President McLean was an athlete and hero to most of the student athletes at the school. "	 Professor McLean was generous in extending financial aid to students.	male
"However, he completed his graduation from Madras Christian College, Chennai. "	 Ganesan's dream was to become a doctor.	male
"In 1817, Daukantas applied for a Candidate of Philosophy degree, but was rejected because he did not provide required certificates and did not complete a thesis. "	 These studies could secure a more promising career as a judge or a government official.	male
The film was an adaptation of his story Snehathinte Mukhangal. 	" MT was the first and foremost script writer in Malayalam who wrote screenplays after having learnt cinema as a distinctive visual art which has its own language, grammar and structure."	male
"Out of fear of his creation destroying him, Professor Weirdo intended to add just a touch of the aforementioned tincture of tenderness to the mold, but Count Kook bumped the Professor's elbow, resulting in too much of the tincture being added to the mix. "	" Professor Weirdo's nemesis was Professor Fruitcake, another mad scientist who lived in a castle on an opposite hill."	male
"Caputo received his BA in 1962 from La Salle University, his MA in 1964 from Villanova University, and his PhD in philosophy in 1968 from Bryn Mawr College. "	" Caputo is a specialist in contemporary continental philosophy, with a particular expertise in phenomenology, hermeneutics, and deconstruction."	male
"His father belonged to the Century Country Club in Purchase, New York (which was at the time a center for the German Jewish establishment) where he often golfed with William (Billy) Salomon, the son of Percy Salomon, one of the three founding brothers of Salomon Brothers. "	" After several months, Gutfreund became a clerk in the municipal bond department, eventually becoming a trader."	male
"Peter William Likins (born July 4, 1936) was president of the University of Arizona from 1997 until his retirement in summer 2006. "	" At each of these universities, Likins was a professor of engineering."	male
"He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for his masters and doctorate degrees, graduating in 1967 and 1970 respectively. "	" From 1970 until 1975, Patil was assistant professor of electrical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology."	male
"Moses Kiptanui (born October 1, 1970) is a Kenyan middle and long distance athlete mostly famous for 3,000 m steeplechase in which he was the number one ranked athlete from 1991 to 1995 and three time IAAF World Champion. "	 Kiptanui emerged in 1991 as a relatively unknown athlete.	male
"He also discovered that when they reacted with each other, the particles that were released had far more energy than they started with. "	 Oliphant left the Cavendish Laboratory in 1937 to become the Poynting Professor of Physics at the University of Birmingham.	male
"In 2003, he directed a feature film adaptation of the manga Azumi, and Sky High, a prequel to the popular Japanese television drama. "	" Also in 2003, Kitamura served as producer for the film Battlefield Baseball, the directorial debut of Versus co-writer Yūdai Yamaguchi."	male
"As a teenager in 1954, Toole made his first trip out of Louisiana to Philadelphia, New York City, and Washington, D.C. on a field trip. "	" Toole became the editor of the news section of the school newspaper, and maintained high marks throughout high school."	male
"Apart from his academic labours in connection with the history of dogma and of the church, he lived a life of great and varied usefulness as a theologian, a preacher and a citizen; and at his jubilee in 1873, not only the university and town of Basel but also the various churches of Switzerland united to do him honour. "	" Hagenbach was a voluminous author, distinguished as a writer on church history."	male
"Fraternal correction (correctio fraterna) is the admonishing of one's neighbor by a private individual with the purpose of reforming him or, if possible, preventing his sinful indulgence. "	" This is distinct from an official disciplining, whose mouthpiece is a judge or other like superior, whose object is the punishment of one found to be guilty, and whose motive is not so directly the individual advantage of the offender as the furtherance of the common good."	male
"When his term in the Senate ended in 1867, he was nominated to run again, but declined. "	" Dunning gained a national reputation as a lawyer, and was committed to criminal law."	male
"Delecluze, in his Louis David et son temps, has also a brief life of Girodet. "	 The exhibition assembled more than 100 seminal works (about 60 paintings and 40 drawings) that demonstrated the artist's range as a painter as well as a draftsman.	male
"In addition to his own books and articles during this period, he also joined Inazo Nitobe in crafting what became his most well-known book, Bushido: The Soul of Japan. "	" The prolific writer was also a prolific traveller, making eleven trips to Europe--primarily to visit the Netherlands."	male
Rall interned at Bellevue Hospital in New York City from 1952 – 1953 when he joined the National Cancer Institute in 1954. 	" Rall also served as a surgeon (1955–1959), a senior surgeon (1959–1960), medical director (1963–1971), and assistant surgeon general (1971–1990) in the United States Public Health Services."	male
"In 1812, the author of Biographia Dramatica, called Parsons a comic actor of superlative merit, and added, In the conception and execution of such characters as Foresight, in Love for Love; Corbaccio in Volpone; Sir Fretful Plagiary in The Critic, &c. we never expect to see his equal. "	" Besides being an actor, Parsons was also a painter and a painting judge."	male
"Martin Amis, who was harshly criticized in America Alone but gave it a positive review, said of the style: Mark Steyn is an oddity: his thoughts and themes are sane and serious "	" Longtime editor and admirer Fulford also wrote, Steyn, a self-styled 'right-wing bastard,' violates everyone's sense of good taste."	male
Hébert was a radical and wasn't after to publish his opinion and used profane language in the majority of his published pieces. 	" The editor had followers who called themselves, Hébertists."	male
"It was first given to him by his grandparents, due to a resemblance to the character Kum-Kum from the anime Wanpaku Omukashi Kumu Kumu which was Agüero's favourite television programme as a child. "	 It's not every day an athlete is nicknamed after a cartoon character!	male
"This line of chanoyu that his descendants and followers carried on was recognized as the Senke-ryū (千家流, 'school of the house of Sen'). "	" A writer and poet, the tea master referred to the ware and its relationship with the tea ceremony, saying, Though you wipe your hands and brush off the dust and dirt from the vessels, what is the use of all this fuss if the heart is still impure?"	male
"One of the conference delegates, Professor Alfred T. Halsted, loved the game of Mintonette, but he felt like something was just not right. "	" Professor Halsted suggested that the name of the game should be Volleyball, since the main point of the game was to “volley” the ball to a player or over the net."	male
"In December 1903 he passed the Civil Service Examination, and embarked on the career that led to the claim that he may be regarded as one of the greatest public servants of his day. "	 Gowers entered the home civil service as an upper division clerk in the Department of Inland Revenue.	male
"Among his many public lectures, Smythe gave several to the Royal Geographical Society, his first in 1931 titled Explorations in Garhwal around Kamet and his second in 1947 titled An Expedition to the Lloyd George Mountains, North-East British Columbia. "	 Smythe was a prodigious writer and produced many popular books.	male
"He also owned houses elsewhere in Crimea, such as Stary Krym and Yalta. "	 Aivazovsky was the most influential seascape painter in nineteenth-century Russian art.	male
"In the fall of 1836, he moved to Corunna in what was to become Shiawassee County. "	" This area at that time was mostly wilderness, and when it was organized into a county in 1837, Parsons was elected the county's first clerk at the age of nineteen."	male
He then studied astronomy in Göttingen and Königsberg. 	" From 1832 to 1849, Steinheil was professor for mathematics and physics at the University of Munich."	male
In 1984 he was habilitated and in 1985 received a professorship for musicology at the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz. 	 Ruf is editor and co-publisher of numerous publications.	male
Received a title of People's Artist of Russia and was nicknamed the Godfather of the Russian piano school. 	 Naumov was a professor of piano at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory and a jury member in many international competitions.	male
"In Texas, a physician who voluntarily assisted in the delivery of an infant, and who proved that he had no expectation of remuneration, had no liability for the infant's injuries due to allegedly ordinary negligence; there was uncontroverted testimony that neither he nor any doctor in Travis County would have charged a fee to [the mother] or any other person under the circumstances of this case. "	" It was significant that the doctor was not an employee of the attending physician, but was only visiting the hospital and had responded to a Dr. Stork page, and had not asked or expected to be paid."	male
"Despite rejecting Justice Foster's reasoning, Justice Tatting cannot bring himself to reach the alternative view, that the defendants' convictions should be upheld. "	" Concluding with a criticism of the prosecutor for deciding to bring the prosecution in the first place, the judge makes the unprecedented decision of withdrawing from the case."	male
"However, he was nominated by newly elected Prime Minister Borut Pahor as his personal Special Envoy for Foreign Affairs. "	" Rupel is a member of PEN, AAASS, the Slovenian Writer's Association, and the Association of Sociologists."	male
"In 1880 Nettleship was invited to India by the Gaekwar of Baroda, for whom he painted a cheetah hunt as well as an equestrian portrait. "	 Nettleship was far more than a painter.	male
He studied also with Porcelio Pandone (1405–1485) and Gaspar Veronese. 	" Sabellicus became professor of eloquence at Udine in 1473, but was dismissed in 1482."	male
"Although Mergelyan introduced to defend the Ph.D. dissertation, all three official opponents - Academician Lavrent'ev, Sergei Mikhailovich Nikol'skii and Corresponding Member Alexander Osipovich Gelfоnd - petitioned the Academic Council to award him the Doctor of Science degree. "	" The petition of opponents was satisfied (for this it was necessary to call the members of the scientific council, which took time), and Mergelyan became the youngest doctor of physical and mathematical sciences in the USSR at the age of 20 (at 21)."	male
"In the comedy Storken (= stork, 1895), that is playing in Kristiania (the former name of Oslo) at the end of the 19th century, a naïve clerk tries to establish contacts to the high society but he is often deceived by a royal authorized representative, who takes advantage of his ignorance. "	 Only at the end the clerk finds out the truth.	male
"He would do crazy actions, just so he could get the final hit with a flick to the wrist or such a simple movement that the audience would gasp at his audacity. "	 By the 1970s the lightning-fast tearaway had been replaced by a supreme technician with the footwork of a dancer.	male
"To help reduce anxiety and increase patient comfort, men who have an aversion to needles may consider a no-needle application of anesthesia while the 'no-scalpel' or 'open-ended' techniques help to accelerate recovery times and increase the chance of healthy recovery. "	" After a short recovery at the doctor's office (usually less than an hour), the patient is sent home to rest."	male
Vijaypat Singhania replaced him as the new sheriff on 18 December 2005. 	 Hegde is a dental surgeon.	male
"On February 15, 2015, Pavel Voitov and Artur Narcissov attacked a janitor in Vykhino, but he actively resisted. "	" The criminals were forced to flee, and the janitor was able to testify and describe them."	male
"In 2002 he described the effect of the editorship on his life: It cost me many thousand hours of unpaid labour, a hideous character assassination in Private Eye, three lawsuits, two interrogations, one expulsion, the loss of a university career in Britain, unendingly contemptuous reviews, Tory suspicion, and the hatred of decent liberals everywhere. "	 The 1980s established Scruton as a prolific writer.	male
"In October 2001, Gooch returned to his beloved Essex in the capacity of head coach, taking over from Keith Fletcher. "	" Gooch remains at the club, continuing as the squad's specialist batting coach whilst also assuming commercial duties for the county."	male
"He became seriously ill and moved to Verona, where he died. "	 Cantarini was principally a painter of the Counterreformation who painted religious subjects.	male
"In his third season with the program, Gdowski was promoted to offensive coordinator. "	 Gdowski served as their assistant head coach and offensive coordinator for 2003 and 2004.	male
"He has regularly appeared on BBC Local Radio, and has also written a biweekly column for the Worcester News. "	" Serrell is an avid collector, living in a house full of tat."	male
He was later appointed as dean in 1891. 	 Birge became known as a scientist and administrator.	male
"After 1931, he was renamed Assistant Commissioner D and became responsible for policy and planning. "	" By the end of World War II, Assistant Commissioner A (Operations and Administration) was responsible for all uniformed police, including specialist units, except traffic police, which were under Assistant Commissioner B (Traffic)."	male
"Leach was born in Ballarat, Victoria and educated at Creswick Grammar School (where he was dux), Melbourne Training College (1890) and the University of Melbourne, where he graduated B.Sc. in 1904, M.Sc. in 1906 and in 1912 obtained his doctorate for research in ornithology. "	 Leach was a regular writer and broadcaster on natural history subjects and introduced it into the school curriculum.	male
"In 1982, he was arrested for anti-Soviet activity and sentenced for 3 years in exile in the Komi Republic. "	 1997--co-founder and editor-en-chief of internet magazine Russian journal.	male
In 2019 he became a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. 	 Cederman was and is the principal investigator in several research projects with funding from the Swiss National Science Foundation and the Swiss Network for International Studies.	male
Many of his articles and books discuss the influence of emotion on nonverbal communication as well as the effect of those expressions and gestures back onto emotions. 	" Professor Plutchik's work on oculesics includes studies on the synthesis of facial expressions, which look for connections between expressions in the eye along with expressions from the forehead and mouth."	male
"He received valuable commissions from Archduke Leopold, the elector-palatine, and Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany. "	" If there be a difference between the painter's earlier and later work, it is that the former was clearer and more delicate in flesh, whilst the latter was often darker and more livid in the shadows."	male
"There Lorenz Böhler was able to realize some of his most groundbreaking ideas: everything got specialized and standardized, records were kept for later (statistic) analyses, the most important information got written on the plaster and the patients got sorted according to their kind of physical injury, and those who were able to do some kind of work had to help at the military hospital. "	 For a short time in 1918 Böhler was in Italian war captivity and had to work as an advisory surgeon for Italian military hospitals.	male
"He demands from the boy's family to pay 400,000 Francs within 24 hours. "	" The head physician advises the family to ask their friends, neighbors, and family for support."	male
He studied at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 	" Bodwell served as clerk and treasurer for the township, later becoming a member of the township council, then reeve and later warden for Oxford County."	male
For many years Kazakov worked on a translation into Russian of a Kazakh novel devoted to World War I and the Civil War on the Aral Sea [and] some of his own works were published in Kazakhstan. 	" The writer considered simple but important problems of birth and death, suicide and suffering."	male
"In 2001 in Götzis he became the first decathlete ever to achieve over 9,000 points, setting the record at 9,026 points, succeeding his compatriot, Tomáš Dvořák, who had scored 8,994 points two years earlier. "	 Tradition dictates the winner of the decathlon holds the title of World's Greatest Athlete.	male
"Hiller’s regime at Cologne was strongly marked by his conservative tastes, which he attempted to prolong by recommending, as his successor in 1884, either Brahms or Bruch. "	" Hiller was elected a member of the Prussian Academy of Arts in 1849, and in 1868 received the title of doctor from the University of Bonn."	male
"However, in his teens Humphries began to rebel against the strictures of conventional suburban life by becoming artistic, much to the dismay of his parents who, despite their affluence, distrusted art. "	" Humphries responded by becoming a voracious reader, a collector of rare books, a painter, a theatre fan and a surrealist."	male
In 1945 - 1947 he worked in the Leningrad branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences. 	 Since 1947 - Professor of the Leningrad University .	male
"In 1994, Holbrooke returned to Washington to become the assistant secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs, a position he held until 1996, when he resigned for personal reasons (he had recently married the author Kati Marton and wished to return to New York). "	" While assistant secretary, Holbrooke led the effort to implement the policy to enlarge NATO and had the distinction of leading the negotiation team charged with resolving the Balkans crisis."	male
"Although Mehaffey had responsibility over WPA projects nationwide, he primarily worked on airport, beach, pier, playground, and school projects in New York City. "	" During this period, Mehaffey was appointed to Assistant Administrator for Engineering for the entire WPA."	male
"Steerpike uses his charm and fast tongue to insinuate himself with the castle's physician Dr Prunesquallor, and acts for a time as his apprentice. "	 From there Steerpike uses the doctor's connections to gain access to the upper hierarchy of Gormenghast.	male
"His early training was with the late mannerist painter Cavalier d'Arpino, and he worked under the classicizing Francesco Albani. "	" However, Mola is considered to have been better as a painter of small pictures, especially landscapes."	male
"Kjell Isaksson dominated the event again, winning four of his eight events and finished second or third in three others, winning the title with an event to spare. "	" The rules for European Superstars allowed athletes to compete in near specialist events with a handicap, meaning that both Hemery and Isaksson were allowed to run in the 100m and Steeplechase, but only after giving the other finalists a head start."	male
"In 1971, Cleaver was hired as an assistant professor at the Université de Sherbrooke in Montreal, Quebec where he taught for three years, finished his dissertation, and studied Québécois nationalism. "	" From 1974 to 1976, Cleaver was a visiting assistant professor at the New School for Social Research in the department of economics."	male
"During the 1940s and 1950s, he studied at various Peruvian universities and obtained degrees in literature, history, and law. "	" When the Peruvian government decided to reopen an old Catholic seminary in Ayacucho and make it into a modern university dedicated to improving the condition of the region's impoverished native population, Morote joined the new institution as professor of anthropology and vice-rector."	male
"The first band he saw live was Yes at Usher Hall, Edinburgh, in 1974. "	" Fish worked as a petrol pump attendant, gardener, and from 1977 until 1980 worked in forestry at the Bowhill Estate in Selkirk."	male
"Theodore Cuza, a Jewish history professor living in Bucharest, and his daughter Magda are brought to the keep by SS Sturmbannfuhrer Eric Kaempffer in a desperate attempt to determine what is murdering his men. "	 The professor translates a mysterious message written in blood on a wall that uses a forgotten dialect of Old Romanian or Old Slavonic.	male
"Raymond instructed his loyal vassals to acknowledge King Amalric of Jerusalem (r. 1163–1174), who had succeeded Baldwin III, as the lawful ruler of Tripoli for the duration of his captivity. "	" Amalric hurried to Tripoli and took full responsibility for its government, assuming the title of administrator of the county of Tripoli."	male
"Gauguin's art became popular after his death, partially from the efforts of dealer Ambroise Vollard, who organized exhibitions of his work late in his career and assisted in organizing two important posthumous exhibitions in Paris. "	" Gauguin was an important figure in the Symbolist movement as a painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramist, and writer."	male
"In 1955, he wrote a series of newspaper stories about a shipwrecked sailor who nearly died on account of negligence by the Colombian Navy; several of his colleagues drowned shortly before arriving at the port of Cartagena de Indias due to the existence of overweight contraband aboard the vessel. "	" This resulted in public controversy, as it discredited the official account of the events, which had blamed a non-existent storm for the shipwreck and glorified the surviving sailor."	male
"He later became a professor, before becoming an actor. "	 Agashe served as a professor of Psychiatry at the B. J.	male
"In the United States, first he was organist and professor of music at Valparaiso University. "	" While still a professor at the University of Minnesota, Fleischer took on the role of organist at The First Unitarian Society in Minneapolis."	male
"Around 510 BC, probably seeking new media for his compositions, Euphronios entered the workshop of Euxitheos, a potter who was similarly engaged in experimenting with form and decor in his own work. "	" The stylistic development of Euphronios's work during this period, during which both painter and potter attempted bold and influential experiments, permits a reconstruction of its chronological sequence with some certainty."	male
"Wark's final full season at Portman Road, 1982–83, had seen him record the highest league goals tally of his career. "	" I was rather taken aback when the doctor entered the Anfield boot room, Wark said."	male
"He gained notoriety in his early twenties with the publication of his novels, Glamourpuss and Sex Toys of the Gods. "	 McLaughlin worked as a script writer on:	male
He would eventually become the Prime Minister of the Belarusian People's Republic. 	" Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski, another future Prime Minister of the Belarusian People's Republic, became secretary of the newspaper in 1909 and in the years 1912--1913 acted as its de facto editor."	male
James Boswell described Dundas as a comely jovial Scotch gentleman of good address but not bright parts ... 	 Dundas was a great collector of art.	male
A. O. Preus II was the eighth president of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) and drew fame for his role in the church schism of the 1970s known as Seminex. 	 A. O. Preus was a politician who served as Minnesota's eighth state auditor and 20th governor.	male
"Supek became the first president of the Yugoslav Society of Psychologists, and for a period he was the president of the Yugoslav Society of Sociologists. "	 Supek was chief editor of the journal Pogledi (Viewpoints) which was published from 1952 to 1954.	male
"Because that second position was up field from the point where the line judge had positioned himself when Wycheck had thrown the ball, the line judge's hand signaled during the play that the pass was indeed a lateral and not an illegal forward pass. "	" After a long official review, the video was deemed inconclusive to overturn the line judge's ruling on the field."	male
The accused was brought before Sir John Powell at the Assize Court at Hertford on 4 March 1712. 	 The judge was clearly more sceptical than the jury of the evidence presented.	male
"Later he paints flat, angular folds, and in the end he is able to convey the impression of supple, flowing garments. "	 The groups of figures which the Amasis Painter shows were carefully drawn and symmetrically composed.	male
"A French spy who saw him in Brazil as a prisoner on the USS Constitution, after HMS Java rescued them from the tropical seas, wrote that Maturin was Five foot six, slight build, black hair, pale eyes, muddy complexion, three nails on the right hand torn out, both hands somewhat crippled: speaks perfect French with a southern accent. (quoted in The Surgeon's Mate Chapter 11). "	" Although a skilled linguist, Maturin never quite grasps naval jargon or the workings of a ship, a narrative ploy which allows the author to provide the reader with technical information by having helpful crewmates explain things to the ship's doctor."	male
"A woman arrives in Guernsey, with her son Gilliat, and buys a house said to be haunted. "	 Gilliat becomes a good fisherman and sailor.	male
"It is the life of an author and a scholar, who through hard work and conscientious effort, secured for himself an honorable place among Spain's men of letters. "	" Hartzenbusch was the chief librarian at the Biblioteca Nacional, National Library, from 1862 to 1875, and was an indefatigable editor of many national classics."	male
"On the show, in addition to comedy bits and celebrity guests, Pocher offered to rent himself out to a viewer. "	" For example, Pocher was rented as a babysitter, to pick grapes for wine and as an undertaker's assistant."	male
He retreats to the swamps while they take over the museum on top of the hill where he used to live. 	 The diary described the fugitive as a writer from Venezuela sentenced to life in prison.	male
"He has conflated Discovery Institute's position with that of the Dover school board, and he totally misrepresents intelligent design and the motivations of the scientists who research it. "	 Newspapers have noted that the judge is a Republican and a churchgoer.	male
"He says that Haddock is currently horse riding, but he shortly returns minus the horse. "	" Haddock introduces their old friend Professor Calculus, and then tries to show Tintin a magic trick to turn water into whisky, which fails."	male
"Like Al Bahrani and Nasir, 'Allamah-i Hilli was contemporary with the Mongol upheaval, and played a role similar to that of his teacher. "	 Allamah-i Hilli was a prolific writer whose bibliography comprises about one hundred and twenty titles.	male
"There he was awarded in 1987 a doctorate in theoretical physics under André Verbeure with dissertation Exacte resultaten voor het spin-Boson model (Exact results for the spin boson model), written in Flemish. "	 From 1989 to 1990 Nachtergaele was an instructor at the University of Chile.	male
"He told the members that a netsuke was at one time carefully carved by the man who wore it, building something of himself into the design, and although a class of professional netsuke makers arose later, whose work might have been more technically adept, it was ordinarily cold, stiff, and without imagination. ... "	" Missing was the element of the amateur carver, which causes these netsuke to be esteemed so much higher by the collector than the commercial product carved for money."	male
"In 1985, his first book was published by Imge Publications, titled Bob Marley and Reggae; a biography of Jamaican reggae star and a summary of the Rastafarian movement, slightly emphasising its politics, its elements of anti-imperialism. "	 Eldem was among the founders of the monthly music and counter-culture magazine Studyo Imge (now considered as a cult) and became its first editor in early 1985.	male
"Indeed, Milutinović introduced Njegoš to his own poetry, which Professor Svetlana Slapšak describes as being written in unusual syntax, with unparalleled neologisms and fantastic etymologies. "	" Milaković operated the printing press at Cetinje Monastery, served as editor-in-chief of Grlica and edited all Njegoš's works prior to their publication."	male
"He was one of five siblings who survived to adulthood; his younger brother, Martin, became a major executive at Sam's companies. "	 Insull's career began as an apprentice clerk for various local businesses at age 14.	male
"Following his admission to the bar, Untermyer started practicing in New York City. "	 Untermyer gained fame as a lawyer focusing on corporate law.	male
"He had a son, S. Parthasarathy. and a daughter, Ambujammal who was the founder of the Srinivasa Gandhi Nilayam. "	 Parthasarathy studied law and practised as a lawyer before becoming an entrepreneur.	male
"In April 1917, the United States entered World War I. After his Leon Springs assignment, McNair was assigned to the 1st Division, then located at Camp Stewart, in El Paso County, Texas. "	" Assigned to the division headquarters as assistant chief of staff for training, McNair was given responsibility for the organization's pre-deployment mobilization, individual soldier training, and collective unit training."	male
"He was educated in city and county schools and at sixteen began work as a janitor in the First National Bank of Neodesha, Kansas. "	 Woodring soon became assistant cashier at the First National Bank of Neodesha.	male
"At the trial, where, among others, members of the Solntsevskaya Bratva were present, he behaved defiantly, standing with his back to the victims' relatives. "	" When the judge announced the verdict, the gangsters shouted at Nagorny: We will bury you alive!"	male
"The outer main-belt asteroid 1596 Itzigsohn, which he discovered himself, was named in his memory on 1 August 1980 (M.P.C. "	 Itzigsohn was a professor of spherical and practical astronomy.	male
Beuermann (2011) speculates that Rognvald's transfer of power to his brother may have been an attempt by the saga writers to imply that the Orkney earldom had more independence from Norway than that of Rognvald's earldom of Møre and that the earl's holdings in Caithness may have allowed for an even greater degree of freedom of action. 	 Such implications are more likely to be rooted in the writer's interest in emphasising Orcadian independence at the time of writing rather than the 9th/10th century events they purport to describe.	male
"A little-known feature of the Animation Building was its private rooftop annex, The Penthouse Club, a perk for male employees who could afford its membership fees. "	" It had a gymnasium run by a full-time athletic instructor, a bar, a barber shop, steam baths, massage tables, pool and poker tables, and an outdoor patio which members tended to use for nude sunbathing."	male
The Evening Standard named Tuffrey as one of the thousand most influential Londoners for his work on the environment. 	" Tuffrey is a qualified Chartered Accountant, and has worked as a finance director for a major national charity before starting up a consultancy business, Corporate Citizenship."	male
"Six years later he succeeded Johann Friedrich Dieffenbach (1794–1847) as Director of the Clinical Institute for Surgery and Ophthalmology at the Charité in Berlin, and remained there till 1882, when failing health forced him to retire. "	" Langenbeck was a bold and skillful surgeon, but preferred not to operate while other means afforded a prospect of success."	male
Robert Desnos (French: [ʁɔbɛʁ dɛsnos]; 4 July 1900 – 8 June 1945) was a French surrealist poet who played a key role in the Surrealist movement of his day. 	" Desnos attended commercial college, and started work as a clerk."	male
He was from noble family of Lubicz coat of arms. 	 Wróblewski was a notable lawyer and docent of administration and administrative law at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	male
"In 1891 he was commissioned by the Mexican government to create statues of national heroes for Paseo de la Reforma, in Mexico City. "	" Alciati was appointed professor of sculpture, decoration and modelling at the Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1895."	male
"He graduated from Amherst College in 1860 and from Harvard Medical School in 1863, after which he practiced in Portland, Maine, until 1867. "	 Goodale became professor of natural science and applied chemistry at Bowdoin.	male
His young-adult novel Now I Know (1987) is based partly on his experiences as a monk. 	 Chambers left the monastery in 1967 and a year later became a freelance writer.	male
An Einstein-like Professor (representing Gonick's authorial voice) prepares to travel in his time machine to whatever place or era the chapter is about. 	" The Professor reads a passage from a historical book, which activates the time machine, a literary device."	male
"Behan was a self-educated man whose intellect was such that he numbered many respected thinkers among his friends including the likes of Hugh MacDiarmid the Scots poet with whom he lived for three years, Louis MacNeice who became for a time a writing partner – mostly for the BBC overseas program and H. "	" Behan also found time to work in education, having been identified by the Strathclyde Region education dept as the Writer in residence for the Region's secondary schools."	male
"In 1985, she completed an honours undergraduate degree in one year, at the age of 19, from the Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. "	" While in Mexico, Tiesler fell in love with a young doctor, who died in 1987."	female
"McCaskill started with a large financial disadvantage, but she was also an experienced candidate with high name recognition. "	 McCaskill had run two successful campaigns for state auditor.	female
Sleaford and Kesteven High School for Girls was established in 1902. 	" It has specialist art status, became an academy in 2011 and was judged to be good by Ofsted in 2013, at which time there were 825 pupils on roll, including those in the co-educational sixth form."	female
Below are a list of some of the significant publications from throughout her career. 	 Hornbrook is married to another atmospheric chemist.	female
A recent example of Western victim blaming would be a civil trial held in 2013 where the Los Angeles School District blamed a 14-year-old girl for the sexual abuse she endured from her middle school teacher. 	" The District's lawyer argued that the minor was responsible for the prevention of the abuse, putting the entire fault on the victim and exempting the perpetrator of any responsibility."	female
"In her fictionalized account of Murasaki's life, The Tale of Murasaki: A Novel, Liza Dalby has Murasaki involved in a romance during her travels with her father to Echizen Province. "	 McCullough writes that Murasaki is both the quintessential representative of a unique society and a writer who speaks to universal human concerns with a timeless voice.	female
She was Editor and Head of Press at Random House Mondadori (until 2009). 	" Since 2016, Batallé has also been Editor and Founder of: Rata and Catedral, of the same publishing group."	female
She also took proactive role in the Civil Disobedience Movement of 1932 and Non Cooperation Movement of 1920- 21. 	 Saikiani was also a noted poet and prolific writer.	female
Garniers was able to acquire enough money to have three houses and multiple silver objects in her possession. 	 It is believed that Garnier was also an amateur oil painter.	female
"In 1871 she married Major John Swiney (1832–1918), and devoted herself to becoming a full-time wife and mother. "	" Since 1890, Swiney was a feminist activist, lecturer, and writer in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire."	female
"She also taught preschool in Queens, New York. "	 Maloney began working as an assistant coach for the University of New Hampshire gymnastics team in the 2010-11 season.	female
"In Philadelphia, she attended the Cheltenham High School, which inducted her posthumously into their Hall of Fame in 1999. "	" From an early age, Colwin was a prolific writer."	female
Tilling moved to the School of Social and Community Medicine at the University of Bristol in 2002 where she was appointed as senior lecturer and then reader in medical statistics. 	 Tilling was promoted to professor of medical statistics in 2011.	female
"Before becoming a screenwriter, she worked various secretarial jobs. "	 Donoghue was also a short story writer and poet.	female
Koshi graduated from Shiga Prefectural Zeze High School and received her undergraduate degree in law from Hokkaido University. 	 Koshi also worked as an adjunct professor at Waseda University in 2005.	female
She divorced her husband in 1937. 	" By the early 1930s, Burgos was already a published writer in journals and newspapers."	female
"In addition to these, her hymns were published in magazines edited by Caroline Fry. "	 Thrupp is particularly remembered as a writer of hymns for children.	female
The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts. 	 The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself.	female
"Goldin's assistant lay in a box from which her feet, head and hands protruded. "	" This process was then reversed, and the assistant released unharmed."	female
"She showed her work at group exhibitions in Copenhagen, Reykjavik and Bergen and in 1980 participated in a traveling exhibition of Faroese artists presented in Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Scotland, and Finland. "	" Lützen was married to, and later divorced, the Faroese painter Sámal Joensen-Mikines."	female
"In the process of adapting her own animated screenplay into a full-length, two-act libretto for the stage, Woolverton contributed several distinct changes to the material, specifically instilling more emotional depth into each main character. "	 The writer expanded the story by both fleshing out each character and allowing room for new musical numbers.	female
"Excited about her newly developed style and feeling ever more nationalistic, she wrote to her family in April 1923: I feel myself ever more Brazilian. "	 I want to be the painter of my country.	female
to be dedicated in her memory.[citation needed] It is the first film of Tarantino's that Menke has not edited. 	 Menke's feature film credits as editor are tabulated below.	female
"Upon Jacqueline Picasso's death in 1986, her daughter offered to pay inheritance taxes by a new dation. "	 Picasso once said I am the greatest collector of Picassos in the world.	female
Her PhD thesis was entitled Fluctuations in systems far from equilibrium. 	 Marchetti was an assistant professor at Syracuse University from 1987 to 1997.	female
"The latest novel No Man's Land (Terre des oublis in French, which won the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle (2007)), perhaps her most successful, was in the final list of the prize Femina 2006 and received the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle in 2007. "	 Dương has been labeled as a dissident writer and been expelled by Vietnam’s Communist party and was imprisoned for a short time in 1991 for remarks criticizing the goals and interests of the party and its members.	female
"Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), getting as many girls vaccinated as early and as quickly as possible will reduce the cases of cervical cancer among middle-aged women in 30 to 40 years and reduce the transmission of this highly communicable infection. "	" Barriers include the limited understanding by many people that HPV causes cervical cancer, the difficulty of getting pre-teens and teens into the doctor's office to get a shot, and the high cost of the vaccine ($120/dose, $360 total for the three required doses, plus the cost of doctor visits)."	female
"As a post doctoral fellow, she began a long-standing collaborative program of research with Marian Sigman, Peter C. "	 Kasari has served as the Principal Investigator of several Autism Center of Excellence Grants from the National Institutes of Health awarded to UCLA.	female
"Inspired by the Robert De Niro movie Midnight Run, Evanovich decided that her heroine would be a bounty hunter. "	" This occupation provided more freedom for Evanovich as a writer, as bounty hunters do not have a set work schedule and are not forced to wear a uniform."	female
"In 2002, she sent it unsolicited to the small, San Francisco-based publisher MacAdam/Cage, where it reached Anika Streitfeld. "	" Streitfeld, who became Niffenegger's editor, thought it was incredible."	female
"She continuously renews herself, having developed a personal avant-garde style with some influence from abstract expressionism and surrealism. "	" Outsider art is conventionally considered as one of the trends of informalism, but in this painter it is fused with neo-figurative art, an expressionist revival in modern form of figurative art."	female
"In 1973, she left Maki and founded a new party, Aki (Hebrew: אקי, an acronym for Opozitzia Komunistit Yisraelit (Hebrew: אופוזיציה קומוניסטית ישראלית), lit. "	" Israeli Communist Opposition), serving as editor of its monthly paper."	female
She was sent to Earth for Princess Training. 	 Puchiko is Dejiko's assistant.	female
"She moved to University of Wisconsin–Madison as a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council fellow, where she worked with Mark Ediger. "	 Fakhraai was appointed to the University of Pennsylvania as an Assistant Professor in 2011.	female
Mary Elkinton Nitobe lived in Japan until her death in 1938. 	 Nitobe was a prolific writer.	female
She also used her writing skills to create magazine articles and novels. 	" Rabe became the editor of a BattleTech magazine, MechForce Quarterly, in 1995."	female
A strip of wood is pushed beneath her waist in line with the saw. 	 The saw visibly passes through the assistant and generally sounds like it is sawing through something.	female
Rawlinson was practicing night flying with a trainer when her A-24 began to experience technical issues. 	" The instructor was thrown free, but Rawlinson was stuck in the front seat as the plane went up in flames, unable to open the plane's broken canopy lock."	female
"An acquaintance of the Countess of Werdenberg, she works for the Mitleid corporation and tries to change the sky back to its original shape, which she succeeds in doing. "	" Professor Enuma dies, after the tower collapses."	female
"Prior to her appointment at UNH, Goodwin was the Director of Instrumental Music at Marshwood High School in South Berwick, ME. "	 Working directly under the director are a Percussion Instructor and a Color Guard Instructor.	female
"Later, however, she refused to sing light classical, saying she sang only ragas. "	 Hangal served as honorary music professor of the Karnataka University.	female
"Another letter, given to the FBI in August of that year and said to have been written by a woman in Colorado Springs, Colorado, was postmarked from Oakland, California. "	" That letter, written in February, made reference to seven small dolls which the writer stated would be altered to look as though they were seven real Chinese dolls, designed to mimic a family of parents, grandparents and three children."	female
She was revising it at a nearby Starbucks when she realized that Miranda would describe something not as just blue 	" I was like, it'd be cool if half of that ended up in the movie, the writer says."	female
When the assistant lies down on the couch the form is quickly moved on top of her while the cloth cover is being deployed with a flourish. 	 The form is then raised while the assistant escapes through a trap in the couch or the couch is removed offstage by stagehands.	female
She defended her Ph.D. thesis in social science in 1968. 	" Rantalaiho served as professor of sociology at the University of Lapland in 1988–1989, and in public health science at the University of Tampere in 1990–1998."	female
"In her writings, Grainytė pays a lot of attention to the sentence structure, the topicality, and the paradoxical quality of the imagery she constructs. "	 The writer often erases the boundaries between literary discourse and everyday speech	female
Then for two years she was editor of a computer group's house magazine. 	" Somerville joined the BBC in 1972 as a sub-editor in the radio newsroom, and then became a reporter in 1978."	female
"Later, she completed a master's degree at Humphrey School of Public Affairs. "	 Glidden worked as an employment and civil rights lawyer for over a decade.	female
The victory of Valla was important for the Fascist regime and the hostility of many leaders for the participation of women in athletic competitions started to decrease. 	" Mussolini used the victory of the Italian athlete for propaganda, as a demonstration of the strength of the Italian race."	female
Her first poems were published when she was 18. 	" Barrandeguy had various jobs, including archivist, writer, journalist, librarian, and jewelry sales."	female
"A personal note is the essay on Constance Fenimore Woolson, a woman who played an important if still uncertain role in James' life. "	" This is the only essay in Partial Portraits on a writer of minor significance, and it has provided grist to the mill of biographical speculation."	female
"The high percentage of women working part-time has been explained by social norms and the historical context of the country, where women were among the last in Europe to enter the workforce, and when they did, most of them did so on a part-time basis; according to The Economist, fewer Dutch men had to fight in the World Wars of the 20th century, and so Dutch women did not experience working for pay at rates women in other countries did. "	 Research in 2016 led by professor Stijn Baert (Ghent University) debunked the idea that part-time work by students is an asset for their CV in respect of later employment chances.	female
Deborah Feyerick spent her early childhood in France and UK before moving to the United States. 	 During college Feyerick worked at NBC as a news assistant.	female
She acquired her PhD in law at Queen Mary University of London in 2011 for a thesis on the United Nations Human Rights Council. 	" Freedman was a senior lecturer at the University of Birmingham from 2014 to 2016 before becoming professor of law, conflict, and global development at the University of Reading in 2016."	female
Baquero joined the WNBC in 1995 from local cable news network NY1 News where she was a daily news anchor and consumer reporter for three years. 	" Prior to NY1, Baquero was at local station WCBS for five years working in almost every aspect of the newsroom ranging from desk assistant, to researcher, to assignment editor, and finally associate producer of the daily consumer action segment, Troubleshooter."	female
"She was appointed as staff to the state legislature, where she started working in 1883. "	" Dromgoole was a prolific writer, publishing both prose and poetry."	female
Her first international tournament was Asian Football Confederation Women's Championship 2001 held in Chinese Taipei when she was only 17 years. 	" As a coach, Maymol and an AFC ‘A’ Coaching Certificate and is also an instructor for the AIFF ‘D’ License Instructors Course."	female
"After she won the award, her marriage ended in divorce. "	 Since 2005 Nakazawa has been a professor of literature at Hosei University.	female
"Florynce Kennedy represented her and asked for a writ of habeas corpus, arguing that Solanas was being held inappropriately at Elmhurst. "	 The judge denied the motion and Solanas returned to Elmhurst.	female
"Finochio was born and raised in Long Island, New York, where she graduated from Lindenhurst Senior High School in 1989 before later graduating from Dowling College in 1994 with a Bachelor of Business Administration in accounting and a Bachelor of Arts in psychology. "	 Finochio has over twenty years of experience as a dancer and is a certified aerobics instructor.	female
"She grew up in Kuwait and Egypt, and after the Gulf War, moved to Texas with her family. "	" Jarrar is now an author, novelist, essayist, translator, and writer of short stories."	female
She started throwing at the age of 12 and at 13 threw 37m58cm to win the English Schools Championships. 	 At the age of 16 Holroyd threw 52m50 and became a senior international athlete.	female
"On June 4, 2012, she announced that she would not return for the fourth season. "	" Noxon is serving as show-runner, executive producer, writer, and is also directing some episodes."	female
"In the section named Its Evidences Unreliable of her work Christianity, Besant presents the case of why the Gospels are not authentic: before about A.D. 180 there is no trace of FOUR gospels among the Christians. "	" Besides being a prolific writer, Besant was a practised stump orator who gave sixty-six public lectures in one year."	female
"In support of her claim, she relied on case law from the ECHR. "	 The judge noted that Article 12 of the ECHR is equally predicated.	female
Norwegian coach Bjørnar Håkensmoen gave Sara Renner a ski pole after hers was broken when a competitor stepped on it during the cross-country team sprint at the 2006 Winter Olympics. 	" Norway's athlete ended up fourth, implying that this selfless act of sportsmanship may well have cost the Norwegian team a medal."	female
She joined the Schweizerischer Werkbund in 1915. 	" From 1916 to 1929, Taeuber was an instructor at Zürich Kunstgewerbeschule in Switzerland, teaching embroidery and design classes."	female
She has explained that her sexual activity was a way for her to achieve the emotional validation missing from her relationships with family and friends. 	" Ketcham is an avid painter and sees it as a healthy outer circle activity, as well as a new source of income."	female
"In the spring of 1900, Washburn received a telegram proposing her the warden's position at the Sage College of Cornell University. "	" Washburn was then offered an assistant professorship of psychology at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio."	female
She graduated from the Far Eastern University of the Philippines where she acquired a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism in 1952 and then an MA in English in 1969. 	" Apart from being a writer, Uranza was also an associate professor of Literature and the Humanities at Far Eastern University."	female
She faced Treasurer Knoll's daughter Mina Knoll in the general election. 	 Auditor Hafer would go on to win the election.	female
"She describes how one memory triggers another, which in turn triggers another and how she is powerless to stop it: It's like a split screen; I'll be talking to someone and seeing something else. "	 One writer claimed hyperthymesia may be a result of reviewing memories constantly to an obsessive-compulsive degree.	female
In the years between 2015 and 2017 she performed with Me Naiset in the talk show Evek Talk show with Niina Lahtinen and Veera Korhonen. 	 Virtanen worked from 2011 to 2012 as a producer and radio personality of NRJ's Aamupojat.	female
"In 2018 she was appointed as Associate Professor, Indigenous Art History and Curatorship at the Australian National University. "	" Croft has worked as an arts administrator and curator at local, regional, state, federal and international levels since 1990."	female
"Prior to this, she was Professor of eLearning at the Institute of Educational Technology in the UK's Open University. "	 Professor Conole was named an EDEN Fellow in 2013 and was awarded a National Teaching Fellowship from the Higher Education Academy and ASCILITE Fellow Award in 2012.	female
"After finishing high school she attended the Warsaw and Łódź Academies of Music, twice being awarded the Fryderyk Chopin Society Scholarship. "	" Rosca became an assistant professor, but left teaching to concentrate on aperformance career."	female
"A new edition of her book was published posthumously in Germany in 2003, again anonymously. "	 A controversy broke out when a literary editor revealed the author as Hillers.	female
Professor Neelu Rohmetra is the first woman director of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM). 	 Professor Rohmetra has held various academic leadership positions while serving as Professor of Management Studies in University of Jammu.	female
"She is a member of the research program P1-0285, financed by the Slovenian Research Agency (ARRS) and led by Prof. Dragan Marušič, PhD. "	" Kutnar has been a member of the editorial board of the journal Ars Mathematica Contemporanea since 2016, serving as editor-in-chief from 2018."	female
"In 2011, she was promoted to tenure-track investigator in 2011. "	 Palena became a tenured senior investigator in 2017.	female
"With this thesis, in 1920 she graduated from the University of Sheffield with the degree of MD, the first woman to do so. "	" Appointment as assistant medical officer of health for Blackburn, Lancashire, followed."	female
She has also been recognized by the Kingston Historical Society as a prominent woman in Kingston society. 	 Machar was a prolific writer.	female
"Her breakout hit was the 2013 recording of Idle No More, where she pays tribute to the struggles of aboriginal people in Canada. "	 Derrickson has won awards as both performer and songwriter.	female
"On November 7, 2008, judge Szczepańska upheld the city staff decision, and charged the women with indecent exposure, explaining that their personal freedoms cannot encroach on the freedoms of families with children who frequent the same recreation spot. "	" Although topless sunbathing is not prohibited in Poland, the judge sentenced them to pay a fine of 230 zloty (150 zloty by different source, or €40, $55) for breaking the rules of conduct."	female
"She used both spectroscopy, including mass spectrometry imaging, and molecular biology. "	 Casini joined the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne as a Principal Investigator in 2008.	female
"Kauanui earned her Ph.D. in History of Consciousness at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 2000. "	 Kauanui is Professor of American Studies and affiliate faculty in Anthropology at Wesleyan University in Connecticut.	female
"In 2002, she earned a M.Sc. in geography with a focus on human-environment relationships at Penn State College of Earth and Mineral Sciences (PSU). "	" From 2002 to 2004, López was an instructor in the department of geography at UPR-RP."	female
She was familiar with the language through her mother who had been born near Münster: the family were still in touch with cousins in Germany which made it easy to spend time with kinsfolk and get used to using the language conversationally. 	" That was followed in 1876 by a diploma for work as a teaching assistant, and by a full teaching diploma in 1878."	female
"In Haaretz, she criticized the tenure promotion of Barnard College anthropologist Nadia Abu El-Haj over a book that Weiss alleged caricatured Israeli archaeologists. "	" From 2011 to 2013, Weiss was senior news and politics editor at Tablet."	female
"Her mother was Irish, her father was British (Mancunian). "	" After a stint working as an office clerk, Baines began training as a psychiatric nurse."	female
She attended Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Johnson's School. 	" From 1893 to 1896, Weil worked as an editor and reader at Macmillan publishing house."	female
"They had six daughters and two sons: Their eldest child died within a year of her birth, and it was on this occasion that Carolina Oliphant, afterwards Baroness Nairne, wrote The Land of the Leal, which she sent to her old friend Mrs. Colquhoun. "	" Colquhoun was a good classical scholar, a sound lawyer, and an eloquent pleader."	female
"In that same year, whilst still working at Triple J, she also became host of a Nine Network children's show, What's Up Doc?. "	 Rowntree went on to become the show's writer/producer.	female
"In 1990, she moved across the San Francisco Bay to the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), where she served as the Department Chair from 1993 to 1999 and was the Morris Herzstein Professor of Biology and Physiology at UCSF. "	 Blackburn became a Professor Emeritus at UCSF at the end of 2015.	female
She called the company Silver Lining. 	 Lunde started working as an aerospace technologist for the FAA in 2003 as a Training Specialist.	female
"Born to Tanzanian and Indian parents, she is a lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on education law. "	 Pancholi was a practising lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on labour/employment and education law.	female
She received a Ph.D. in English from the University of Southern California. 	 Trombley also served as assistant provost there.	female
She won the women's race at the Balkan Cross Country Championships in March 2011. 	 Jevtić was selected as young athlete of the year of 1996.	female
During the fellowship she was taught by H. 	" Then Migeon began as an instructor in Pediatrics at Hopkins working in cytogenetics which was only just starting, as cytogeneticists were beginning to identify the chromosomal basis of various diseases."	female
"While writing it, she started a job as a mathematics and physics teacher at a secondary school, and was appointed as a physical geography and geology teacher at the Katholieke Leergangen in Tilburg. "	" Hol was appointed professor in 1945, succeeding Oestreich."	female
"She also appeared as herself in The Many Women of Fassbinder (1997), Midnight Journal (1990), Sophia: Ieri, oggi, domani (2007), Kulturzeit (2012), and Tutte le storie di Piera (2013). "	 Maraini is a prolific and well-known writer who continues to produce works today.	female
"After her PhD, Herz was appointed a postdoctoral research fellow at St John's College, Cambridge, in 2001. "	 Herz became a Professor in 2010.	female
"In 2011, she participated in Sony TV's Maa Exchange along with mother Jaya Sawant. "	" Often appearing in reality shows as a host, judge or participant, Sawant is a regular stage performer."	female
"During this period, she was a Fulbright Scholar within the Energy and Resources Group. "	 Ürge-Vorsatz also served as a teaching assistant in the UCLA Department of Physics.	female
"In 1993 she enrolled at the Lahti Design Institute in Finland, studying gemmology under the direction of Esko Timonen and completed her studies at Bernd Munsteiner's lapidary studio in Germany. "	 Mälk has been assigned to the Estonian Academy of Arts since 1989 and has been a professor in the jewelry department at the school since 1996.	female
"In addition, she is affiliated with the youth organization La Cámpora. "	 Nahón was a professor at the National University of Quilmes and a CONICET scholar.	female
"Between 1966 and 1968, she published three novels to critical acclaim: The Cat Who Could Read Backwards, The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern, and The Cat Who Turned On and Off. "	 The rising mystery writer then disappeared from the publishing scene for 18 years.	female
"She graduated from the University of Iowa and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where she is now a professor. "	" A former education editor of Newsweek, Hancock is active in several education and children's organizations."	female
"As an intern in the mid-90s, she became Executive Assistant to then editor-in-chief, Danyel Smith. "	" And later, editorial coordinator assisting the managing editor."	female
"In May 2018, she started a nonprofit Nap4Lyme, to raise awareness and money for the Disease. "	" McGee was the co-founder and editor of a health education site FYILiving.com, which was acquired by Action Factory."	female
Judith Ortiz Cofer notes that switching between the perspectives of Marisol and Guzmán is part of the autobiographical style of her prose. 	" As a writer, I feel absolutely at liberty to cross over boundaries."	female
Ocelina - An attractive anthropomorphic female ocelot. 	 Ocelina works as Mezcal's assistant at the cantina.	female
"In 2002, she was a visiting scholar at the Department of Classics of the University of Texas at Austin. "	 Olasope began teaching at the University of Ibadan as an Assistant Lecturer in 1997.	female
She completed her PhD in 2010 titled 'Decolonisation as a social change framework and its impact on the development of Indigenous-based curricula for Helping Professionals in mainstream Tertiary Education Organisations'. 	" At Laurentian University, Moeke-Pickering rose to full professor in 2019."	female
"In fact, Conceição remained active in the resistance and disguised this by volunteering for the church, as she delivered religious education in the Viqueque parish. "	" Under the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor, Conceição was appointed deputy district administrator for Viqueque."	female
Sometimes the author is in fact a composite or a team: Marjorie Proops's name appeared (with photo) long after she retired. 	" The nominal writer may be a pseudonym, or in effect a brand name; the accompanying picture may bear little resemblance to the actual author."	female
	" When a runner completes their 10th Comrades (or achieves either 5 gold medals or 3 wins) they achieve their green number and keep their race number for life, the race number effectively being 'retired' only for use by that athlete."	female
"Maddow has said her family is very, very Catholic and she grew up in a community that her mother has described as very conservative. "	" Maddow was a competitive athlete and participated in high school volleyball, basketball, and swimming."	female
"In January 2007, she became one of five hostesses of Sweden's TV4's Förkväll, a daytime lifestyle program. "	 Pascalidou is a columnist and freelance writer in newspapers such as GP and Expressen.	female
"The 2016 collector's piece, for the Queen's 90th birthday, has a one-year-only portrait of her on the obverse designed by James Butler. "	" The 2017 collector's piece returned to Pistrucci's original design of 1817 for the modern sovereign's 200th birthday, with the Garter belt and motto."	female
"In 2010, she published A Review of Building Evacuation Models: 2nd Edition which reviews different egress drills in order to decide which is appropriate for a given building or situation. "	 Kuligowski was an editor for Pedestrian and Evacuation Dynamics (Springer 2011) in addition to SFPE (Society of Fire Protection Engineers) Handbook of Fire Protection Engineering (Springer 2016).	female
"Pimentel grew up in a liberal family, in her youth she was part of the city council campaign of her PT affiliated uncle. "	 Before becoming a politician Pimentel worked as a college professor.	female
They are so common that the image of the outfit has evolved to be strongly associated with youth and female adolescence in popular culture. 	" As a result, sailor uniforms are seen very frequently in Japanese dramas, movies, anime, manga, music videos and concert performances of pop teen idol groups."	female
Supervised by Eckard Lefèvre she gained her doctorate in Latin Philology (doctoral thesis: Ovid's monologue). 	" Since 1993, Auhagen has worked at the University of Freiburg, first as a research assistant, since 1995 as a research associate, in the area Transitions and tensions between orality and scribality."	female
"Many judges are flexible with this rule, especially if the gymnast took a hard fall and needs a minute to shake it off and re-gain her focus. "	 Often the judge or judging assistant will give the gymnast a ten-second warning.	female
The couple married in 1975 after Miyuki divorced her ex-husband. 	 Hatoyama worked as assistant professor (1976–1981) at Tokyo Institute of Technology and later transferred to Senshu University as associate professor (1981–1984).	female
"This worked continued until 1955, when she took up a post at Grosvenor Museum, Chester. "	 Pirie was appointed Assistant Curator at the Grosvenor Museum in 1955.	female
"Presently, Coffin splits her time between St. "	" Professionally, Coffin is an economist and university professor."	female
"The Goupil, Tooths and Lefevre galleries were among the commercial concerns that showed her work. "	 Originally Engelbach was a portrait painter but later became a specialist flower painter who also painted landscapes.	female
The Mismade Girl is often performed as a production effect 	" Sometimes the routine will omit the second restacking, and the magician may instead exchange numbers or pictures on the front of those cubes which appear to be out of order, apparently magically moving the divided parts of the assistant's body into the correct order."	female
"Since Madonna wanted her vocals to sound live, Spuehler mixed her singing with effects and then added it to the house consoles for transmitting to the loudspeakers. "	" The sound crew employed time-codes like the lighting and the choreography, thus the sound feed also changed depending on where the singer was onstage."	female
"After finishing school, she started working at Azzaro as an intern and later as an assistant to Vanessa Seward. "	" Àchaval de Montaigu retired from modelling and was hired by the American fashion magazine V as a stylist, eventually becoming the editor-at-large."	female
"Antedating Murder, She Wrote, Ernesta was a mystery novelist, while her widowed sister Gwendolyn (known as G) wrote the stories from Ernesta's dictation. "	" (G was also a writer, but of poetry."	female
"Bijoch walked over 50 shows in the 2011/12 season including Thakoon, Narciso Rodriguez, Nina Ricci, Victoria Beckham, Gianfranco Ferré, Moschino, and Balenciaga (which she closed). "	 Bijoch has been a guest judge on Poland’s Top Model.	female
"She now broadly supports the Labour Party, although she was critical of its left-wing leader, Jeremy Corbyn. "	 Toynbee previously worked as social affairs editor for the BBC and also for The Independent newspaper.	female
"Although Müller has revealed little about the specific people or books that have influenced her, she has acknowledged the importance of her university studies in German and Romanian literature, and particularly of the contrast between the two languages. "	" The two languages, the writer says, look differently even at plants."	female
Browne encouraged her dancers to also choreograph for the company and created works herself that reflected her humanistic viewpoints. 	" Browne worked in the company as artistic director, resident choreographer and teacher."	female
"In 2009, student Robin Yerkes secured Roanoke's fourth national championship when she won an individual championship in the Division III women's 400m track and field event. "	" Yerkes is the most decorated athlete ever to graduate from Roanoke, earning 12 All-American honors in multiple events."	female
She also served on the Board for the Girls' Reform School for District of Columbia. 	" Stowell was engaged as writer and editor in scientific work, contributing over 100 scientific papers to leading magazines and periodicals."	female
"In a rage, Casmir confines her to her garden, barred on two sides by a steep ravine, the third by a wall and a locked gate, and the fourth by the sea. "	 Suldrun is content to be alone until one day a half-drowned sailor washes ashore.	female
The book was a finalist for the Toronto Book Award and earned her the Canada-Japan Literary Award for the second time. 	 Sakamoto is also known as a writer of screenplays and essays on visual art.	female
"Her first foray into movie-making at New York University resulted in a Student Academy Award Nomination for her satirical short film about a housewife's affair, And You Act Like One Too. "	" Seidelman earned an MFA from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts and is an adjunct professor in the school's film department, overseeing students' thesis films."	female
"In her first year as Resident Director at Belvoir, Sarks directed an adaptation of Medea, which she co-wrote with Kate Mulvany. "	" Sarks had also worked, as assistant director and dramaturg, on another show nominated in that category, Thyestes."	female
Barbara Romanowicz is the daughter of Kazimierz Romanowicz and Zofia Romanowiczowa. 	" From 1979 to 1981, Romanowicz was a postdoctoral research assistant at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."	female
She is also the editor in chief of the magazine. 	 This was announced via a contest in the magazine that culminated with a cover spread and article about its new editor.	female
In 1975 she was chosen the German Sportspersonality of the Year. 	 Tittel is a lawyer by profession.	female
"Together with him, she performed research on Zintl phases. "	" At first, Eisenmann worked as a research assistant."	female
She spoke for the dockers at public meetings and on street corners. 	 Besant was a prolific writer and a powerful orator.	female
She earned a Masters in physiology and biophysics at Cornell University in 1948. 	" Whilst a research assistant, Stoll invented a liquid cell for the Infrared spectrophotometer."	female
"Following her divorce, she went to work, first as an insurance agent and later as the editor of the women's sections for five weekly newspapers in the Birmingham area. "	 That experience led to a position as a staff writer for the Birmingham News.	female
"Her stormy marriages, her romances with famous stars, her forays into politics and feminist causes kept her name before the public. "	 That led to a second career as a writer.	female
"After receiving a Rosenwald Fund scholarship, she went on to study librarianship at the University of Michigan, earning a second bachelor's degree in 1931 and a Master of Library Science degree in 1932. "	" From 1918 to 1923, Dunlap was an instructor at Wilberforce University."	female
"In 2017, she was inducted into the Cal Athletic Hall of Fame. "	" Schott later worked as the assistant director of Tualatin Hills United Soccer Club, and coached as part of the Oregon Olympic Development Program."	female
"She was named as an alternate to the team and traveled with them to Seoul, but was not called upon to compete. "	" Omelianchik remains heavily involved in gymnastics as a choreographer, coach and judge."	female
She is the current Women's International Boxing Association lightweight champion. 	 Ro has enjoyed an extensive career as an athlete and as a professional trainer.	female
"The wound became infected and gangrene soon spread, crippling her and leaving her bedridden indefinitely. "	" With no money for a doctor or medicine, the young elf had little choice."	female
"In 1978, she returned to Modesto, where she served as a Deputy Public Defender. "	" Veneman joined the United States Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service in 1986, serving as Associate Administrator until 1989."	female
"On 10 August 2015, she was appointed to the role of deputy manager to the CCB (Center for Cybersecurity in Belgium, the central authority in charge of cybersecurity in Belgium). "	" Clouner is the founder and administrator of FedISA Belgium, the Belgian branch of the federation for Information Lifecyle Management, Storage and Archiving."	female
In 2012 she became the Alfred Deakin Professor at Deakin University. 	 Forsyth is a research Professor at the University of the Basque Country in Spain.	female
"The problems were noticed when the women went for post-natal check-ups, and the gauze was removed. "	" After the incidents, the hospital has strengthened the episiotomy repair guidelines, which require the doctor to count the number of pieces of gauze together with a nurse after the procedure, to ensure that no gauze is retained in the patient's body."	female
"After Yale, Klobuchar enrolled at the University of Chicago Law School, where she served as an associate editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and earned her Juris Doctor magna cum laude in 1985. "	" After law school, Klobuchar worked as a corporate lawyer."	female
She then attended Queen's College of the City University of New York where she obtain degrees in French. 	" Chikwe became a radio journalist, editor and a publisher."	female
"According to Kraft Kitchens, when the recipe for Pistachio Pineapple Delight was sent out, an unnamed Chicago food editor renamed it Watergate Salad to promote interest in the recipe when she printed it in her column. "	" Neither the article nor editor has been tracked down, however."	female
She became an aunt when her brother and sister-in-law gave birth to their son João Miguel in 2009. 	 Penicheiro also enjoys listening to R&B music and is an avid collector of watches and clothes.	female
She attended North Ealing Primary School and Ealing County Grammar School for Girls. 	" While attending the Guildhall School, Blackman worked as a clerical assistant for the Home Office."	female
This suited Lynn very well since at one time she was the weight training coach for tennis superstar Martina Navratilova. 	" Later, Conkwright worked as the director of Weider Athlete Promotions and managed Weider contracted athletes."	female
It is entirely her own. 	" The rhythm, the feeling, the style and phraseology of L. E. L.'s poetry, were such, that you could immediately recognize it, though the writer's name was not mentioned."	female
"She also wrote numerous radio plays broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and several of her poetic works were published in journals and anthologies during the 1980s and 1990s. "	 Jolley was made a Professor of Creative Writing at Curtin University in 1998.	female
Side panels are opened to show the assistant is still in place lying flat on her back. 	 The assistant is then divided into two.	female
"One of the most complete of her series was issued in book form, under the caption In Foreign Lands. "	" As a writer of verse and songs, Galpin won high praise."	female
"In her tenure she has held the position of Books and Arts editor, from 1988 to 1992, and US Editor, from 1992 to 2000. "	" Since 2003, Wroe has been the Obituaries editor at The Economist, which typically publishes one obituary in each print issue."	female
"The assistant (usually a woman) is placed in an upright cabinet, her face, hands, and left foot visible through openings in the front of the cabinet. "	" Large metal blades are inserted horizontally in the cabinet's midsection, dividing it--and presumably the assistant inside--into thirds."	female
Cortana has been recognized for her believability and character depth as well as her sex appeal. 	 The character was the inspiration for Microsoft's intelligent personal assistant of the same name.	female
"She taught at the University of Technology, Sydney from 1978 to 1995, when she returned to the ANU to take up the Chair of History. "	 Curthoys was the Group of Eight Visiting Professor of Australian Studies at Georgetown University in 2003 and 2004.	female
Critics saw the character as being a degradation for Barrett compared to her first character. 	" While the position of nurse was seen as a stereotype, the character's promotion to doctor was praised."	female
She emigrated to New Zealand with her family at the age of eleven. 	" Smythe finished high school and started work on a communications degree, but left college to train as a fitness instructor."	female
"The impression given to the audience was that, because of the restraints and limited room in the box, the assistant's waist must have been in the path of the saw and she would surely have been cut through. "	" Finally the box was opened and the assistant, still with ropes attached, was revealed as unharmed."	female
"Wildman may have portrayed herself as an old woman to contrast her real age, as a columnist so young at the time was very uncommon. "	 Wildman created the pen name for the sole purpose of preventing the newspaper's readers from guessing the real writer of the column.	female
"In the meantime, her husband had the responsibility of moving out of the country the treasuries of the Museo del Prado to preserve them from the war devastation. "	 The next years Chacel lived in relative obscurity: a well-known writer but one who had made no new projects in years.	female
"Among her friends in England were Stella Kramrisch, Heinrich Zimmer, and Penelope Chetwode. "	 Kramrisch described Heimann as a refugee Professor of Sanskrit from Heidelberg.	female
Her articles drove circulation at McClure’s Magazine and The American Magazine and many of her books were popular with the general American public. 	" After a successful career as both writer and editor for McClure’s Magazine, Tarbell left with several other editors to buy and publish The American Magazine."	female
"Another major architectural work was her 10-foot statue of Apollo, now destroyed, for the frontage of Drury Lane theatre. "	" Damer was also a writer, with one published novel, Belmour (first published on 1801)."	female
In 1971 she established the Nigerian University Palynology Laboratory. 	 Sowunmi was appointed Professor of Palynology and Environmental Archaeology in 1982.	female
She then moved on to Simon Fraser University where she graduated with her doctorate in educational psychology and the Dean's Medal for a 4.33 cumulative grade point average. 	" While a doctoral student, Muis served on the Provincial Degree Program Review Committee and served as a research assistant."	female
"From 1997 to 1998, Stang was an instructor in the Department of Food Science and Nutrition at University of Wisconsin–Stout where she taught courses in Maternal and Child Nutrition and Geriatric Nutrition and Medical Terminology. "	" From 1998 to 2005, Stang served as a continuing education specialist and project director for the leadership, education, and training program in maternal and child nutrition at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health."	female
"The player assumes the role of a knife thrower, and must throw knives at balloons on a rotating wheel with a female assistant strapped to it. "	" The assistant is not a target, and will scream if hit, as well as the screen getting covered in blood."	female
"By 1830 the Female Factory was one of a number of institutions where convicts were employed, although it was the only one for women. "	" It was staffed by a matron, storekeeper, clerk, four assistants to matron, a portress, gate keeper and constable and seven monitresses."	female
Her doctoral research was supervised by Niko Tinbergen. 	 Dawkins was appointed a lecturer in zoology in 1977 and in 1998 was made Professor of Animal Behaviour.	female
"In the 1940s, women were barred from a number of professions. "	" These included being a magistrate, diplomat, notary, customs officer, stock broker, and prison doctor."	female
Lithiby continued with the work and in due course donated twenty watercolours to the Imperial War Museum which form a rare artistic record of the work of women in military service at the time. 	" From 1920 to 1939, Lithiby worked as a figure and landscape painter and muralist."	female
"Some of her subsequent work focused on methodology and theory, including the co-edited volume Bringing the State Back In, which heralded a new focus by social scientists on the state as an agent of social and political change. "	" For the next five years, Skocpol would serve as an Associate Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and of Social Science, Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and Director for the Center for the Study of Industrial Societies."	female
She went on to appear in the 2006 film Casino Royale and received a European Golden Globe at the 2008 Italian Golden Globe Awards. 	" Murino was born in Cagliari, Sardinia, and initially wanted to be a doctor."	female
"Pittaway joined Chatelaine in 1997 as a freelance editor, and in 1999 started writing her monthly column Broadside. "	 Pittaway departed the magazine after 15 months as editor in chief due to conflicts with the Publisher.	female
"Although Oracle initially tries to discourage Brown from crime-fighting, she eventually comes to accept her as Batgirl. "	 Oracle later takes a job as an assistant professor at Gotham University.	female
"An article in the December 6, 1919 issue of the Bridgeport Telegram reported Miss Minerva Pious delighted the school with her dramatic reading and added Miss Pious has given very many successful story readings through the past year and will continue the community work. "	 Pious's excellent typing and shorthand in high school led to a job as a stenographer for a judge in Bridgeport.	female
"Auditor Hafer campaigned hard, but hurt herself when during the campaign she called the governor a redneck Irishman. "	 Auditor Hafer was defeated by thirty-six percentage points in one of the most lopsided gubernatorial elections in state history.	female
"From 2005 to 2008, she was editor of the program Olímpicos. "	" ADO 2008, and later was the editor of broadcasts of the Beijing Olympics."	female
"Oppenheimer decided to make her radio character more like Baby Snooks: less sophisticated, more childlike, scheming, and impulsive "	" CBS quickly signed Oppenheimer as the show's head writer, producer, and director."	female
"The poet Phillis Wheatley (c.1753–84) published her book Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral in 1773, three years before American independence. "	" Wheatley was not only the first African American to publish a book, but the first to achieve an international reputation as a writer."	female
In 1904 she was president of the Women's Metropolitan Golf Association. 	" Manice was also an amateur but proficient swimmer, sailor, and tennis player."	female
"She's a television character, and I'm an actress playing a hospital administrator, and I don't want to be in frumpy clothes. "	 I want to be a hot hospital administrator.	female
She was replaced by entertainer Charytín Goyco during the season finale. 	 Goyco had already served as guest host and judge during several episodes of the show.	female
An interview with Dr. Kasenally an educator at the University of Mauritius expresses her views on academic freedom in the university. 	 The professor states that in 1970s to 1980s the university was at the forefront of debates.	female
"In 1913, she was appointed to serve as Professor of Economics at Wellesley, following the resignation of political economist Katharine Coman, who had founded the Department. "	" That same year, Balch was promoted from Associate Professor to Professor of Political Economy and of Political and Social Science."	female
"In her capacity as a writer, she also became the first Hispanic opinion maker contributor for Facebook’s new platform “Bulletin.” "	" Arrarás is also an investigative reporter and writer, and has authored several books."	female
The first findings of this project is presented in her book À la recherche de la Rome antique. 	 Moatti has been a full professor at USC since 2004.	female
"What now?, published in April 2008, is an essay based on a commencement speech she delivered at her alma mater in 2006. "	 Patchett is the editor of the 2006 volume of the anthology series The Best American Short Stories.	female
"She then worked for Oxfam as a lobbyist on conflict issues, campaigning at the United Nations and with governments to lessen the impact of conflict on civilians living in war zones. "	 Golding lives in Oxford and works as a freelance writer.	female
Her son is also a prominent free diving competitor. 	" Molchanova later worked as a free diving instructor at the Russian State University of Physical Education, Sport, Youth and Tourism."	female
In 1988 she was made an associate professor at L'Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II. 	 Cifarelli was appointed full Professor at the University of Pisa in 1991.	female
Her doping offence was confirmed on 13 September. 	 As a junior athlete Abitova finished eleventh in the 3000 metres at the 1999 World Youth Championships.	female
"Porter considers herself a black female writer, incorporating the intersectionality of her identities into her work. "	" I do not fear that, because there is some descriptive tag before the word writer, I will be pigeonholed."	female
"When Pohorylle moved to Paris in 1934 to escape the anti-Semitism of Hitler's Germany she met the photojournalist Endre Friedmann, a Hungarian Jew, learned photography and became his personal assistant. "	 Pohorylle began to work for Alliance Photo as a picture editor.	female
"This occurred even as the editors at Century's Magazine sneered, They got a girl to write the Life of Lincoln. "	 It was at this time that Tarbell decided to be a writer and not an editor.	female
"She had also learned a number of circus skills, and obtained a driver's license by 1899. "	" Marvingt became a world-class athlete who won numerous prizes in swimming, fencing, riflery, shooting, skiing, speed skating, luge and bobsledding."	female
"She joined the Goddard Space Flight Center in 1991, and wanted to become an astronaut. "	 Nakamura was appointed an assistant professor with tenure at Nagoya University.	female
"Thus, any estimation of her ability to thrive or even survive could be only speculative, though Lali's family described her as functioning normally. "	" A local doctor told reporters that the baby should be considered a healthy child who currently was living a normal life, a previously unknown occurrence among sufferers of the disorder."	female
"When Toronto Zoo opened in 1974, Mehren became its first female veterinarian at the institution, joining Dr. William Rapley. "	 From 1985 to 2003 Mehren was adjunct professor in the Department of Pathobiology at Guelph University.	female
"After graduating, she worked and studied at Grazia Deruta Majolica Pottery, the Artists’ Union of Russia, Tomsk State University and Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity. "	" Drysdale is a painter, a colourist, whose chosen canvases are ceramics."	female
Her dissertation was titled Studies of Grief: narratives of incarcerated women who experienced the death of a significant person while in prison. 	 Ferszt is a professor of nursing and the coordinator of the graduate psychiatric mental health clinical nurse specialist program at URI.	female
"In 1912 several children continued to live with Devereux in her own home in Philadelphia, which became her first private school. "	" During that time, Devereux remained a public school teacher, and employed two assistant teachers to teach and look after students during the day."	female
"On March 18, 2004, during the Moline, Illinois show at The MARK of the Quad Cities, Spears fell during the performance of (I Got That) Boom Boom and injured her knee. "	 A physician examined Spears and indicated that it was not related to a previous knee injury in 1999 during a dance rehearsal.	female
"Serrano has won her last two world title defenses, both decisions, one in ten rounds in Las Vegas and another one, a six-round win in Phoenix. "	 Serrano is also a lawyer.	female
"Sveitabrúðkaup (English: Country Wedding), her directorial debut, premiered in Iceland in August 2008. "	" Valdís was the primary editor on the following films, unless noted otherwise."	female
"Women at Home was written by Louisa Knapp Curtis, wife of the magazine's publisher Cyrus H. "	" After a year it became an independent publication, with Knapp as editor for the first six years."	female
Another provision stated that a physician may not perform an abortion on an unmarried minor under 15 without obtaining either consent from one of her parents or a judicial bypass. 	" The statute also stated that before performing an abortion, the physician must inform the patient of the status of the pregnancy, stage of fetal development, expected date of viability, health risks of abortion, and the availability of adoption agencies and childbirth resources."	female
"As of 2021, her gold medal is the only one won by a Bulgarian at a Winter Olympic games. "	 Dafovska is an administrator from Chepelare.	female
"In 1951, she left Dawn, after editor Altaf Husain demanded that she focus her writing on issues relating to women, an apparent reference to an earlier message in which he suggested she write about cooking, child-rearing, and other matters of feminine concern. "	" Hamidullah founded a monthly magazine called the Mirror, and became its editor and publisher in 1952."	female
Her Harkness Fellowship project was entitled Insurance Coverage and Cost Growth. 	 Vaithianathan returned to the University of Auckland in 2009 as an Associate Professor.	female
"She is renowned for her work on the role of sex effects and serotonin in metabolising oestrogen, also for identifying target enzymes for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. "	 MacLean is currently a Professor of Pulmonary Pharmacology in the Strathclyde Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences at the University of Strathclyde Glasgow.	female
"Hamblin, famously discreet throughout her life, achieved some notoriety in 2015 when her leading role in the destruction of Graham Sutherland's portrait of Churchill was revealed. "	 Hamblin retired from the post of Administrator at Chartwell in 1973.	female
"Stephanie realizes that Abruzzi is conducting psychological warfare against her, believing that she knows where Evelyn is. "	" Abruzzi, besides being a wargamer, is an avid collector of military memorabilia, and believes the medal is a lucky talisman."	female
"February 20, 2011) - as herself performing violin with Rihanna. "	 Nakano is also a music instructor.	female
"Akkadevi (ಆಕ್ಕದೀವಿ in Kannada, also Akkādēvi, Akkā-dēvi), 1010-1064 CE was a princess of the Chalukya dynasty of Karnataka and governor of an area known as Kishukādu, situated in the present day districts of Bidar, Bagalkot and Bijapur. "	 Akkadevi was well known for being an able administrator and capable general.	female
"She is a former co-editor of The Journal of Human Resources, a Research Associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research, and she chairs the Technical Review Committee for the National Longitudinal Surveys. "	 Professor Hellerstein is an internationally renowned labor economist.	female
"She received her Ph.D. from Purdue University in 1986, where she worked on molecular-beam epitaxy. "	 Kolodziejski joined the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Purdue University as an assistant professor in 1986.	female
"She also said, I enjoyed being in the band immensely, I’m glad I did it. "	 Berenyi later worked for a magazine as a sub-editor and did not perform for many years.	female
Tasca would set out her own so-called TV channels for a practical life: Tasca attended her final Mass before her illness on 1 October 1978. 	 The doctor diagnosed Tasca as having contracted bronchopneumonia.	female
Tarbell initially turned him down so she could continue working on the Roland biography but McClure was determined. 	" Instead of taking up the editor position at McClure's, Tarbell began writing freelance articles for the magazine."	female
"After postdoctoral research at Michigan State University, she became an assistant professor at Hope College in Michigan in 1998, then moved to the University of Oregon in 2000 and to Notre Dame in 2001. "	 Polini is currently an Associate Editor for the Journal of Commutative Algebra.	female
She identifies herself as a Hindu. 	 Banerjee is a self-taught painter and a poet.	female
	" The judge ruled that the RIAA's withdrawal of the case--after one and a half years of litigation--did not immunize it from possible liability for attorneys fees, holding that the defendant was a prevailing party under the Copyright Act."	female
"Doors of her home were always open to those in need of help, she received hundreds of people every year, biographer Kizimova wrote. "	 The singer's tactfulness and restraint were a matter of legends.	female
"It was written and produced by Swedish producers Bloodshy & Avant and Klas Åhlund as a response to the media scrutiny and sensationalism of the singer's private life, which they had witnessed firsthand after working with her over the years. "	" The song, acting as the singer's manifesto, has biographical lyrics retelling Spears's mishaps."	female
She qualified in 1990 as a professor at the University of Hamburg and was promoted to a level C-3 professor in 1996. 	" Five years later, Beisiegel qualified as a level C-4 professor and became director of the Institute of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf."	female
"She completed her Ph.D. at the University of Kansas in 1927, writing a thesis on the role of hydrogen ion concentration in the precipitation of calcium and magnesium. "	" Weeks became an assistant professor and in 1937, an associate professor."	female
"In 2003, Baginski left her position at the NSA to become the executive assistant director of Intelligence at the FBI. "	" As the executive assistant director of Intelligence at the FBI between 2003-2005, Baginski successfully led the bureau's first-ever intelligence program."	female
In the 1989 general election she defeated three other candidates to keep her seat. 	 As Minister Osterman rejected recommendations from an Assistant Deputy Minister Darwish regarding the insolvent state of Principal Group subsidiaries.	female
"Fraleigh was born in 1976 in Beaufort, SC, and raised in rural Hyde Park, New York where she attended Franklin Delano Roosevelt High School. "	 Fraleigh is an associate professor and the department chairperson of the Moravian College art department.	female
"She was mentored by Professor John Hunter, Professor of Medicine at Otago in the early stages of her career. "	" A cardiologist, Resieaux was head of the Cardiology Department at Dunedin Hospital and consultant cardiologist for the Otago Health Board and associate professor at the University of Otago."	female
