context	segment	gender
"In his personal life, Student remains involved with both the Haredi and Modern Orthodox worlds in Brooklyn. "	" According to Student, I live in a moderate Haredi neighborhood, attend Haredi synagogues, send my children to moderate Haredi schools but still maintain professional and friendly relations with the Modern Orthodox world."	male
He received his M.A. in English from McGill University in 1928 and his Ph.D. in the discipline from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1935. 	" Professionally, Hayakawa was a linguist, psychologist, semanticist, teacher, and writer."	male
"Slap-guitarist Miyavi, who has his roots in visual kei, has toured worldwide extensively since 2008, when his This Iz The Japanese Kabuki Rock Tour 2008 tour covered a distance of approximately 48,385 miles, equivalent to almost two trips around the world, and the majority of the concerts were sold out and covered extensively by media organizations. "	 It was the most successful international tour undertaken by a Japanese artist in history.	male
"Whittier was heavily influenced by the doctrines of his religion, particularly its stress on humanitarianism, compassion, and social responsibility. "	 Whittier was first introduced to poetry by a teacher.	male
"In addition, as understudy to Kenneth Sandford, he often played Private Willis in Iolanthe, King Hildebrand in Princess Ida, Pooh-Bah in The Mikado, Sir Despard Murgatroyd in Ruddigore, Wilfred Shadbolt in The Yeomen of the Guard, and Don Alhambra in The Gondoliers. "	 Cook was also known for crafting the Japanese-style fans used by D'Oyly Carte and numerous amateur G&S societies for productions of The Mikado throughout the UK and abroad.	male
"He was later appointed as a Civil, Commercial and Labor Judge on the Comodoro Rivadavia circuit and on the Chamber of Appeals of both Trelew and Comodoro Rivadavia. "	 Guinle entered politics as Government Secretary for the Municipality of Comodoro Rivadavia in 1986.	male
"However he often spent long periods at the Château de Saché, near Tours, the home of his friend Jean de Margonne, his mother's lover and father to her youngest child. "	 Today the chateau is a museum dedicated to the author's life.	male
"After the dentist takes Lavonia to the dental room, his nurse Flovilla kisses Lamar. "	 The doctor then switches places with the nurse.	male
He is best known internationally for his comprehensive two-volume The Structure and Reproduction of the Algae; However his A Treatise of the British Freshwater Algae was also important. 	 Fritsch became a co-author of the revised edition in 1927.	male
"After a long period of absence lasting more than a decade, he directed a film, Nerkkuneraey (Face to Face), in (2004). "	 Menon made a name as a versatile Poster Designer as well.	male
"“Dictators are stupid,” he noted, “They won’t necessarily read between the lines.” "	" As a young artist in Baghdad in the 1980s, Alfraji worked as an animator for children's television."	male
"He is currently a visiting professor at King's College London where he works with the Policy Institute at King's, a visiting professor at the Cass Business School, a board member of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and a visiting fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. "	" Willetts is the author of several books on conservatism, including Why Vote Conservative (1996) and Modern Conservatism (1992), as well as numerous articles."	male
"Though baptised as Emilio Stanley by Italian missionaries in his youth, he has been known as Mwai Kibaki throughout his public life. "	 Kibaki turned out to be an exemplary student.	male
"Reviewing X-Men: Evolution's third season, Filip Vukcevic of IGN was mixed in his analysis, deeming it inferior to X-Men: The Animated Series and concluding, Evolution ... will interest long-time X-fans, but the fluffy stories and underutilized character personalities ... will cause discerning viewers to zone out, suffering from its attempt to cram everyone in. "	" The author also panned the series' average voice acting, feeling that Magneto, Wolverine and Beast were miscast."	male
"Writing in Wisden in 1978, Basil Easterbrook said: Not the least of Turnbull's achievements was that he was the first man to justify Glamorgan's elevation to first-class status in 1921. "	" When Turnbull took over [in 1930, as captain and club secretary] they were indeed a bedraggled flock without a shepherd."	male
"For that role, he received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor, the first for a Spaniard. "	" Instead, in 2002, Bardem starred in Malkovich's directorial debut, The Dancer Upstairs."	male
"In 1960, he married French-Canadian Janick Larouche, whom he met in a language class in Toronto, and with whom he had sons Pierre and Hans. "	" Professionally, Zündel worked as a graphic artist, photographer, photo retoucher, and printer."	male
"Nor is Ḥiyya's authorship contradicted by various contradictions presented by individual passages in the Sifra as compared with the Tosefta, which latter also is ascribed to him. "	" If it is assumed that Ḥiyya is the author, the title Sifra debei Rav is to be explained as indicating that Sifra was among the midrashim which were accepted by Rav's school and which thereby came into general use."	male
"It was found that three cooks had prepared the meals, one of whom had infected lesions on the index and middle finger of his right hand. "	 The lesions on the cook’s fingers were found to be infected with staphylococci.	male
"Startide Rising is a 1983 science fiction novel by American writer David Brin, the second book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by Sundiver and followed by The Uplift War). "	 It was revised by the author in 1993 to correct errors and omissions from the original edition.	male
"The album drew heavy influence from Flowers' hometown of Las Vegas, Nevada, and earned Flowers a Q Award nomination for Best Male Artist (2010). "	 It became Flowers' first top ten single in the UK as a solo artist and was certified silver by the BPI.	male
"During that time, he won two BBL championships as a head coach, one with the Birmingham Bullets in 1996 and one with the Manchester Giants in 2000, while also helping London Towers in the Euroleague. "	 Nurse also won the BBL Coach of the Year Award in the 1999–2000 and 2003–04 seasons.	male
Kitani had his stroke when he was chatting with Go. Kitani died 6 months after. 	 Kitani was subsequently noted as the most prolific teacher ever of future professional players.	male
It is his first non-fiction book. 	" The author notes in the foreword of the 1994 reprint of this book that medical practices (both the culture, technology and finances) have changed significantly since the book was written, but that the text was left as is to give us a more complete glimpse into the past."	male
"District Court for the District of Nevada dismissed another False Claims Act case brought by another former employee of a Kaplan nationally accredited campus, Mr. Jajdelski, in its entirety and entered a final judgment in favor of Kaplan. "	 The claim found that Jajdelski had failed to present evidence the company received student aid funds for phantom students.	male
"As for the factory craftsman, his training under the apprenticeship system limited him to one phase in the production of glass. "	" This training could not prepare anyone to function as an independent artist, but only to serve as a cog in the industrial machinery."	male
"The G.G. represented the initials of his wife, Gloria Gautraud, whom he had married in 1949. "	 The initials were used so the sex of the author would remain vague.	male
"Born in Port de Grave, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada), he was the fourth of the seven children of Robert Prowse and Jane Woodley. "	 Prowse is the author of A History of Newfoundland which is considered one of the most complete and meticulous colonial history books in existence.	male
"The anonymous author recounts the story of their bequest of the lands to the parish to support the annual dole, and goes on to say that despite the antiquity of the events described, he has no doubt as to their authenticity. "	" As with all accounts of the tradition prior to 1790 the author does not mention their alleged birth in 1100, or the name of Chulkhurst; these details first appeared in a broadside published in 1790."	male
"Eventually his father relented, permitting the boy to study music provided he matriculated. "	" By this time, Panufnik was too old to take the piano entrance examination for the Warsaw Conservatory, but succeeded in gaining admission as a percussion student."	male
"In 1912 the novel Dry Valley (Суходол) came out, his second major piece of semi-autobiographical fiction, concerning the dire state of the Russian rural community. "	" Again it left the literary critics divided: social democrats praised its stark honesty, many others were appalled with the author's negativism."	male
"Carlucci is asked for input, and he mumbles that the US government does not involve itself in the internal affairs of other countries. "	" At the time, Carlucci was the second secretary of the US Embassy in Congo."	male
"When Birmelin retired in 1950, Buesgen was given Birmelin's post - a position he would hold for the remainder of his life. "	" Buesgen also actively worked as a piano, organ and voice teacher in Allentown, and served as organist and choirmaster for a number of local churches."	male
"The Polish writer Bolesław Prus, for the sake of making a point, introduces into chapter 63 of his historical novel Pharaoh, set in the ancient Egypt of 1087–1085 BCE, a substance that behaves like gunpowder. "	" Another apparent anatopism introduced by the author (in chapter 45) is an object that resembles a telescope, that may also be an anachronism."	male
Among the authors whose works he has examined are Edward Said and Yvonne Vera. 	" Zeleza is the author of scores of articles and essays and more than two dozen books, including the following"	male
"However, during this period he also became closely associated with the Christian Patriot movement on the right, and spoke at conferences sponsored by Christian Identity pastor Pete Peters. "	 Gritz is the author of three books.	male
"It was first published in 1841 as the first volume of his Bells and Pomegranates series, in a low-priced two-column edition for sixpence, and next republished in his collected Poems of 1848, where it received much more critical attention. "	 The author described the work as the first of a series of dramatic pieces.	male
He has been awarded the Overseas Press Club's Robert Capa Gold Medal five times and two World Press Photo awards. 	 Nachtwey has worked with Time as a contract photographer since 1984.	male
"He contacted Lawrence Weschler, a writer at The New Yorker, and helped organize Shapinsky's first one-man show, at London's Mayor Gallery. "	" As a result, Shapinsky became a 'revived artist' as an abstract impressionist."	male
"Lázaro states that the motivation for his writing is to communicate his experiences of overcoming deception, hypocrisy, and falsehood (engaño). "	" Lázaro shares some of the traits of the central figure of Encolpius, a former gladiator, though it is unlikely that the author had access to Petronius' work."	male
"Additionally, he served as a playoff reinforcement for the Pastora de Los Llanos and Cardenales de Lara, making him one of few players to wear all uniforms in the eight-team league. "	" Starting 2009, Álvarez engaged on a musical career as a reggaeton artist."	male
Ørsted himself recounted how he influenced Zeise through conversations and encouraged him when he expressed the desire to take the university entrance examination (Examen artium). 	 Zeise became a university student in 1809.	male
His memoir of Alkan in his book Les Pianistes célèbres is nonetheless one of the most valuable sources for Alkan's biography. 	 Marmontel achieved renown as an effective and imaginative teacher.	male
	" According to one student, Medvedev was a popular teacher; strict but not harsh."	male
"He attended the University of Hawaii, where he received his bachelor's and master's degrees. "	" Originally a high school teacher, Akaka went on to serve as a principal for six years."	male
"The year 1912 also marked Spargo's only foray into American electoral politics, when he ran for the United States Congress in the 1st Congressional District of Vermont as the nominee of the Socialist Party. "	" At the 1917 National Convention of the Socialist Party, Spargo was the author of a minority resolution in the Committee on War and Militarism calling for American support of the Allied war effort as the least onerous alternative facing the socialist movement."	male
"At the age of eighteen he was received into the Order of Preachers at Rome, and made his religious profession in 1852 and studied philosophy at the College of Saint Thomas, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum. "	 From the beginning Zigliara was a student of uncommon brilliancy.	male
Murphy characterized Newfoundland Premier Joey Smallwood's governing style as dictatorial and proclaimed his legislature's recent announcement of free tuition as a sham. 	 Smallwood warned the undergraduate student in a news conference not to return.	male
"Thereafter, in 1936, he joined the recording company His Master's Voice. "	" Coming back to Singapore in 1947, Zubir worked as a part-time photographer with the Utusan Melayu newspaper while composing and performing music and songs."	male
"The year 1939 saw the publication of his best work, Matthĳs Maris: de tragiek van den droom ('The Tragedy of the Dream'), a biography of the painter Matthijs Maris, who was a brother of the Dutch artists Jacob and Willem Maris. "	" Two years later, Figuren en problemen der monumentale schilderkunst in Nederland ('Figures and Problems of Monumental Painting in the Netherlands') was published, again with designs by the author."	male
"As part of the war effort Blickensderfer converted much of his factory to produce munitions for the war, including a machine gun belt feed for the French government and 50 caliber machine gun mounts for aircraft. "	" With the brilliant chief engineer and designer gone, the company could not continue, and the heirs sold the company in 1919."	male
"Wiinblad illustrated the work of his fellow Dane, Hans Christian Andersen, when he took on the task of providing the artwork for The Swineherd(195 ) which won an award from the American Library Association. "	 Wiinblad was an important designer for the Rosenthal porcelain company.	male
"Under the clouds from the gas chambers, as he put it in his seminal work on Juan Gris. "	" Kahnweiler was very prolific as an author, but never produced a full autobiography."	male
He also sang their '80s top-10 hit You Can Do Magic. 	 Beckley continues to write and record music both as a solo artist and with other musicians.	male
"Oberg continued to spend much of his time in the United States, teaching in university systems in both Missouri and Montana, and became a U.S. citizen in 1944. "	" Along with teaching in the United States, Oberg spent time both as a student and teacher in foreign countries."	male
"He coloured his figures with strong and bright tint and frequent interchanges of red and green, blue and yellow. "	" The combination of the sculptural and the pictorial bears witness of the artist's complexity and expressiveness with additional help of naturally blooming forms, and nearly fauvist, wild tint."	male
"When an interviewer asked Takahashi if he tried to introduce younger readers to real life gaming culture referenced in the series, Takahashi responded by saying that he simply included stuff he played and enjoyed, and that it may have introduced readers to role-playing games and other games. "	" The author stressed the importance of communication between people, often present in tabletop role-playing games and not present in solitary video games."	male
	 McKay was elected student body president in 1916.	male
His best known work is They Shoot Horses (2004) consisting of two videos each lasting seven hours and shown at the same time on different walls. 	 This is a record of a disco dance marathon staged by the artist with nine Palestinians in Ramallah.	male
"Not only did he continuously treat new subjects, he is also known, upon popular demand, to have reworked at his Beyoğlu atelier some of his earlier studies of Damascus, Beirut and Egypt from sketches at hand, selling most of them to his Levantine clients. "	" During this formative period in the Turkish art of painting and its milieu, the artist was, therefore, far-removed from the new developments."	male
"Cook devoted most of his scholarly research from the early 1970s until the 1990s to further developing case grammar as a tool for linguistic analysis, language teaching methodology, and other applications, and was the author of several major texts and many articles in case grammar. "	" Cook directed several doctoral dissertations (see e.g., Moskey 1978) applying case grammar to various areas of theoretical and applied linguistics research."	male
"In this time, he also began to incorporate the crinkled napkin and knocked-over vases to his set of objects. "	 This new set of objects presented a challenge to the artist to maintain cohesion and order in a clearly disordered environment.	male
"As one of the largest conservationist organizations in the country,[citation needed] The Wilderness Society has contributed to nearly all major designations of lands to be entered into the wilderness system.[citation needed] The Wilderness Society was incorporated on April 30, 1937, by a group of eight men who would later become some of the 20th century's most prominent conservationists. "	" Yard became the Society's first secretary and the editor of its magazine, The Living Wilderness."	male
"Later that day, UN and Brazilian officials said that he appeared to have shot himself in the head, several days after national elections had been postponed for a fourth time. "	 Bacellar was also a teacher of geography and of Brazilian Studies in military schools.	male
Partha Mitter describes him as the only Indian painter before the 1940s who made use of the language and syntax of Cubism in his painting. 	" From 1925 onwards, the artist developed a complex post-cubist style."	male
"As the investigation wore on, Horsmanden also came to believe that a man named John Ury was responsible. "	 Ury had just arrived in town and had been working as a school teacher and a private tutor.	male
"He quickly discerned the genius of George Eliot, forthwith accepting and publishing in his magazine the first instalment of her earliest fiction the 'Scenes of Clerical Life,' which had been sent to him without the name of the author, for whom thus early he predicted a great career as a novelist. "	" This commencement of a business connection was soon followed by a personal acquaintance between author and publisher, which ripened into intimacy."	male
His work was originally designed for the gate of Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome. 	" The first design was ready in 1970 but, due to a series of historical events it was only inaugurated in 1983 in the presence of the artist, who was by then seriously ill."	male
	 Cook was pressed into service as a player as a result of injuries.	male
"Lecocq enjoyed an early success in 1856, when he and Georges Bizet shared the first prize in a competition for composers of comic opera, organised by Jacques Offenbach. "	" Lacking the connections to secure commissions from Parisian theatres, Lecocq spent the next decade in obscurity and routine work as a teacher, accompanist and répétiteur."	male
"He continued his active support of ultra-royalist views until his death, which took place in Paris on 17 January 1825. "	" Besides a large number of political pamphlets, Ferrand was the author of:"	male
"The title page introduces the book as the history of King's-Place and other modern nunneries, with authorship by a monk of the Order of St Francis, and containing their [the nunneries'] mysteries, devotions and sacrifices, comprising also, the ancient and present state of promiscuous gallantry: with the portraits of the most celebrated demireps and courtezans of this period: as well as sketches of their professional and occasional admirers. "	 The modern nunneries the author describes are contemporary high-class brothels.	male
"To cure the psychological maladjustment, [it's necessary] to catch him in his true state. "	" Blummer was surprised by these provisions, saying, I don't know of any time when such monitoring has been used on an artist."	male
"When Tippin, at the urging of Jack, mentions The Circumference, Khasinau has Tippin come to Paris and has him interrogated under sodium pentathol. "	" Khasinau arranges for Tippin to be kidnapped by Sark from a CIA safehouse, transported to Taipei and tortured by an evil dentist for more information about the Circumference."	male
Various attempts have been made to clear up the error concerning the mention of Tyre as a subsequent bishopric of Methodius; it is possible that he was transported to Tyre during the persecution and died there. 	" Methodius had a comprehensive philosophical education, and was an important theologian as well as a prolific and polished author."	male
"Greene's repetitive, rambling free associations recall everything from his Halloween costume and old songs to ice cream parlors, state fairs and clothing fads. "	" Unfortunately, the author's dusty attic of lost Americana is cluttered with clichés, nostalgia and overly sentimental yearnings."	male
"By chance, the original maker, now a grown man, is working there as a local guide and he also sees the newspaper. "	" Each movement of the canoe is celebrated by a short chapter, suitable for reading aloud to a child and decorated with black-and-white sketches and at least one full-page watercolor, all by the author."	male
"In a 2019 interview with CNBC, he told how he sees great potential with Lyft and even though the company went public in 2018, he is bullish on the company and will be invested in it for a long time. "	 This marks the first time an honor of this kind has been bestowed upon a rap artist.	male
"He is the father of Simon Festing, the former executive director of the Research Defence Society, which focuses on supplying information about, and defending, the use of animals in medical experiments in the UK. "	 Festing is the author of over 200 scientific papers on laboratory animal genetics and related issues.	male
Thereafter he was an inmate at Brandenburg-Görden Prison in Brandenburg an der Havel until 1945. 	" From 1945 to 1946, Seibt was the first secretary of the Brandenburg district leadership and a member of the KPD Brandenburg state leadership."	male
"According to al-Jawbari in his book Kashf al-Asrar (Unveiling the Secrets)members of the Haydariyya dervish order took Hashish before staging their performances of self-mutilation, in order to numb the pain. "	 The author was a conjuror whose writing was an exposé of not only magic tricks but also the 'dodges' of beggars and other 'low-life'.	male
Criegee himself was still drafted by end of the war as a young man. 	" After four semesters of study and moderate success, but the experience from the student fraternity Germania and twelve duels Criegee changed to the University of Greifswald."	male
"A third review, while not identifying any specific themes, said the author was layering his themes to make the book more exciting. "	 One of my goals as an author is to explore various aspects of human nature.	male
Davis was then sentenced to a six-month prison term where he was able to do some research. 	 Opinions expressed in this paper are the author's and are not necessarily those of the Bureau of Prisons.	male
"After the war, he enrolled at the University of Louisville and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948 and a law degree in 1950. "	 Cook was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1957 and again in 1959.	male
The yoga scholar-practitioner Norman Sjoman notes in his analysis of modern yoga that the asanas of B. K. S. Iyengar's Light on Yoga were already published in The Complete Illustrated Book of Yoga with different names. 	" Sjoman comments that Vishnudevananda was a student of Sivananda, a Dravidian belonging to the Diksitar family, the traditional custodians of the Cidambaram temple, and suggests that the book must have been describing those inherited traditions."	male
"Since 1976, he has worked as a freelance writer. "	" Maar is the author of a large number of novels, short stories and plays."	male
"He is also a member of the group Dilated Peoples, as well as being one-half of Step Brothers with The Alchemist. "	" Before creating music, Perretta was a graffiti artist."	male
František was the first non-British pilot to have a bar added to his Distinguished Flying Medal when he posthumously received one on 28 October 1940. 	" Janoušek also quoted the anonymous author of the 1941 book Together we Fly, A Salute to Airmen, who called František the greatest of all Czechoslovak pilots, perhaps one of the greatest fighters of all time."	male
"The four-volume work, published over a period of five years, sets forth his thoughts on education and proposals for systemic reform. "	" Rather than education serving the state, as embodied in the Imperial Rescript on Education, Makiguchi proposed a student-centered education with the purpose of ensuring the happiness of the learner."	male
"At any rate, Philotas, the physician of Amphissa, used to tell my grandfather, Lamprias, that he was in Alexandria at the time, studying his profession, and that having got well acquainted with one of the royal cooks, he was easily persuaded by him (young man that he was) to take a view of the extravagant preparations for a royal supper. "	" But the cook burst out laughing and said: The guests are not many, only about twelve; but everything that is set before them must be at perfection, and this an instant of time reduces."	male
"Like pianist Franz Liszt, in his teaching, Auer did not focus on technical matters with his students. "	" If a student ran into a technical problem, Auer did not offer any suggestions."	male
Preparation for any role was very important for him. 	" The dancer says, It is desirable to know everything about the ballet, about the character, the composer, the choreographer – everything."	male
"After the season, Zombo announced his retirement from the game. "	 Zombo is an accomplished artist who has worked on projects like the promotional issue of the City of Heroes comic book.	male
"In September that year, he was appointed a deputy secretary in the Department of Supply, rising to the rank of full secretary by 1945. "	" Patel became Home Secretary under Vallabhbhai Patel in 1946, serving till 1950."	male
"In 1993 Jungnickel joined Augsburg University where he occupies the chair for discrete mathematics, optimisation, and operations research. "	 A reviewer notes that The author does a beautiful job showing and developing the practical applicability of the fascinating area of finite field theory.	male
"In June 1842 he welcomed at Templeogue, four miles southwest of Dublin, the author of the Snob Papers on his Irish tour (the Sketch Book was, later, dedicated to Lever). "	 The author's character is not humour but sentiment.	male
"The artist currently lives and works in the outskirts of Cali, where he devotes his time both to the exploration of painting and artistic materials and techniques. "	 The artist's online magazine has been discontinued as of 2007.	male
In 1866 he became an instructor in palaeontology at the University of Munich and at the same time taught Princess Theresa and Prince Arnulf of Bavaria. 	" Although an excellent teacher, and especially competent in practical work, Waagen, who was a most loyal Catholic, had little prospect of obtaining a professorship at the University of Munich."	male
"But it is the potential insight into the sonnets' chronology, through the relationship of this to Time's pencil and my pupil pen, that is the focus of the debate: George Steevens regards the words as evidence Shakespeare wrote his sonnets as a youth; for T. W. "	" While in general terms Time is in this line a form of artist (rather than a destroyer, as elsewhere in the cycle), its exact function is unclear."	male
"The student confesses he does not know, with the ethical precept, answering with untruth, when one does not know the answer, is wrong. "	 The student asks sage Pippalada the same question.	male
"After leaving the band, he ran a whole food shop for about five years. "	 Cullimore went on to become a journalist and author of over 120 children's books.	male
"In 1849, he was appointed to a teaching post in Ajaccio (Corsica), then in 1853 moved on to the lycée in Avignon. "	" Fabre was a popular teacher, physicist, chemist and botanist."	male
"In 2006 he became Associate Professor at Istanbul Bilgi University, and in 2008 Professor of Turkology at the Institute for the Near and Middle East of the University of Munich. "	" Neumann is the author, publisher and translator of several books on the subject."	male
He is the recipient of many academic honours (see below). 	" Giddens, the author of over 34 books and 200 articles, essays and reviews, has contributed and written about most notable developments in the area of social sciences, with the exception of research design and methods."	male
"By studying the histolotgic sections of the teeth of animals, he inspired a new discipline: the histo-physiology of teeth and surrounding structures. "	 Schour was an innovative teacher who ensured that dental professionals were kept abreast of non-dental research in the other sciences by founding the annual Midwest Seminar of Dental Medicine.	male
"As a young man, Avakian became involved with the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) at Berkeley, the Free Speech Movement and the Black Panther Party. "	" By the time that SDS split into three factions in summer 1969, Avakian was a leading member of the Revolutionary Youth Movement II faction, and was their candidate for National Secretary."	male
"In 2011, Italian photographer Ruben Salvadori challenged the expectation of objective truth that the general public associates to photojournalism with his project Photojournalism Behind the Scenes. "	" By including the traditionally invisible photographer into the frame, Salvadori sought to ignite a discussion about the ethics of the profession, and indicate a need for audiences to be active viewers who understand and recognize the potential subjectivity of the photographic medium."	male
"He was a staunch defender of Captain Alfred Dreyfus, whom he considered an innocent man. "	 The artist's suspicions were substantiated after one of Dreyfus's accusers broke down under interrogation.	male
Muybridge used the projector in his public lectures from 1880 to 1895. 	 The projector used 16 glass disks onto which Muybridge had an unidentified artist paint the sequences as silhouettes.	male
"In the late 1980s and early 1990s, he turned from programming and application books to imaging technology, writing some of the very first books devoted to scanners (The Complete Scanner Handbook, Dow-Jones Irwin, 1990) and digital Photography (Digital Photography, MIS Press, 1995.) "	" While working full-time as an author, Busch continued to write articles and monthly columns for magazines such HomePC, Macworld, Internet World, NetGuide, Windows Magazine, Windows Sources, and many other publications."	male
It was maintained that he appropriated the thoughts of his teacher Hasdai Crescas without giving him due credit. 	" Crescas having been Albo's teacher, the similarities are only such as might be reasonably expected in the writings of both teacher and student."	male
"CP Leblond was born in Lille, France, in 1910, the son of a building contractor who died when Leblond was only 10 years old, leaving his mother to raise four boys on her own. "	" A brilliant student, Leblond debated becoming a film producer, an architect or a scientist."	male
He ran for the governorship of Cebu in 1931 and became the President of the League of Provincial Governors of the Philippines. 	 Cuenco was Secretary of Public Works and Communications from 1936 to 1939.	male
"During the 1870s, several incidents made Alexander Stewart hostile towards Seligman, although the two men had served together on the board of the New York Railways Company, whose president was Judge Henry Hilton, a Tweed Ring associate. "	 The first incident involved Seligman's declining the post of Secretary of the Treasury.	male
"His designed products also included a remarkable transistor radio, made from ordinary metal food cans and powered by a burning candle, that was designed to actually be produced cheaply in developing countries. "	" Papanek received numerous awards, including a Distinguished Designer fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts in 1988."	male
"Kucan appeared on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura on truTV, where he was enlisted by Ventura as the resident skeptic. "	 Kucan is the author of the novel Full Contact: The Collected Stories.	male
"In 1916, Schulz Solari first signed his work Xul Solar,” ostensibly for the purposes to simplify the phonetics of his name, but an examination of the adopted name reveals that the first name is the reverse of lux,” which means light in Latin. "	" Combined with solar, the name reads as the light of the sun, and demonstrates the artist's affinity for the universal source of light and energy."	male
"He returned to France and died on 22 July 1877 in Poitiers, while caring for his father. "	 This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Wedd.	male
	 A surrogate's life may be very similar to that of the author.	male
The symbols that Haki Xhakli communicates in his paintings are universal and autochthonous. 	 The inevitable symbol which is present in almost every painting of the artist is the horse.	male
"Apart from his parliamentary activities, Bellenger wrote a column for the Sunday Pictorial under the byline Voice of the Services. "	" When the Labour Party returned to government with a landslide at the 1945 general election, Bellenger was appointed Financial Secretary to the War Office."	male
I am the Ietada who wishes to bequeth his name to generations to come. 	 Ietada is singled out as an example of the honor of samurai and prowess by the author of Hogen Monogatari:	male
There isn't any record of Mr. Hewes ever relinquishing his Quaker membership nor is there any evidence that he was disowned by any Friends Monthly Meeting. 	" At the beginning of the year 1776, Hewes was appointed as the new Secretary of the Naval Affairs Committee."	male
"In the United States, the song peaked at number 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart, the first hit for Presley since 1981, and extending his list of charted singles into the 21st century. "	" The sit-down sections of the special were a forerunner of MTV Unplugged, showing for the first time an artist in a casual setting."	male
He has two daughters and a son. 	 Vaiko is now the general secretary of the MDMK party.	male
"Although he has done boxing and mixed martial arts, he is mainly a football player, playing twice a week. "	" As an elementary and high school student, Cuenca played as a football varsity player for PAREF Southridge School."	male
"He accompanied Friedman in his numerous tours of China, and was present when Friedman met with Chinese leader Zhao Ziyang to discuss economic reforms. "	 Cheung was also an avid photographer.	male
"It finally leads him to union with Christ by exciting love for him as well as by pointing out the frailty of all creatures: It is necessary to leave the beloved thing for the beloved, because Jesus wishes to be loved above all things (Oportet dilectum propter dilectum relinquere, quia Jesus vult solus super omnia amari: II, xvii). "	" Though the book betrays that the author was well versed not only in Scholastic philosophy and theology, but also in the secrets of the mystical life, yet this fact never obtrudes itself on the reader, nor does it obscure the meaning of the contents."	male
At the end of the season he was again awarded the Young Player of the Year award as well as being shortlisted for ICC Emerging Player of the Year. 	" As well as the one day series against Pakistan, Cook was overlooked for the 2006 Champions Trophy squad."	male
"Five of Unaipon's traditional stories were published in 1929 as Native Legends, under his own name and with his picture on the cover. "	" They have been republished in their original form, under the author's name, as Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines."	male
"He moved to Fort Wayne as a small child, when his mother left his father. "	 Shriner learned to play the harmonica as a grade school student.	male
"It was in these February 1858 speeches that Blackwell first argued that woman suffrage was politically expedient no matter a party's principles or goals: Enfranchising women, he said, would allow Republicans to more than double their influence toward abolishing slavery, the American Party to double the number of native-born voters, and Democrats to give votes to labor. "	 Blackwell served as secretary of this organization during its three-year existence.	male
"In the course of this work, he discovered that not all gases expand equally when heated and that Boyle's Law is only an approximation, especially at temperatures near a substance's boiling point. "	 Regnault was also an avid amateur photographer.	male
"(2018) as well as the Hulu original series, “Shrill”, as the main character’s (Aidy Bryant) father. "	" Stern works as an artist, specializing in bronze sculpture."	male
"One installation/performance work from this period, perhaps his best known work, is Seedbed (January 15–29, 1972). "	 One motivation behind Seedbed was to involve the public in the work's production by creating a situation of reciprocal interchange between artist and viewer.	male
"He delivered a paper at the First Migraine Symposium in 1966 on Migraine: from Cappadocia to Queen Square, combining his clinical interest with his love of history. "	" Critchley was a handsome and impressive figure, a superb speaker and a lifelong student of the human mind."	male
Between the second half of 1780s until his death in 1802 Argunov did not paint but spent all his time managing different estates and businesses of the Sheremetevs. 	 Argunov was an important teacher of art.	male
"At Eton he developed an interest in ornithology, guided by science master W. "	 Piggy was a genius as a teacher ...	male
"Seriously interested in joining pro sumo, Nakamura was interviewed at a number of stables before graduating, and upon finishing university, he joined Miyagino stable. "	 Nakamura became an attendant and apprentice to yokozuna Hakuhō.	male
"His single Returner (Yami no Shūen), released on June 20, 2007, was his first and only single to reach the number one spot on the Oricon charts. "	" As a solo artist, Gackt has sold over 10 million records."	male
"He is now a choreographer and dancer, and he is a member of the dancing group Oyaji dancers, where oyaji is a faintly derogatory Japanese word literally meaning dad but also used for middle-aged men in general. "	 Suzuki made a brief appearance as a dancer in the video for the song O!	male
"Taeger's first career choice was professional baseball, and he did play briefly on a farm team for the Los Angeles Dodgers. "	 A high school teacher had suggested Taeger try public speaking and acting.	male
"A Complete Course of Lithography combined Senefelder's history of his own invention with a practical guide to lithography, and remained in print as recently as 1977 (Da Capo Press). "	" Unlike previous printmaking techniques, such as engraving, that required advanced craft skills, lithography facilitated greater accuracy and textural variety, because the artist could now draw directly onto the plate with familiar pens."	male
"In 1995, he made an appearance on Broadway, providing the voice of the titular book in the 1995 revival of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. "	" Cronkite was a finalist for NASA's Journalist in Space program, which mirrored the Teacher in Space Project, an opportunity that was suspended after the Challenger disaster in 1986."	male
"He also campaigned for the British government to do their part by preserving a Second World War airfield in its original condition for future generations to see, and for the history of each airfield to be recorded fully and the men and sacrifice never forgotten. "	 The book took 18 months to compile and drew upon the author's knowledge and experience working in airfields and documenting their history.	male
"After his time at Yale, he went on a Grand Tour of Europe between 1832 and 1833. "	" Pell had a passion for agricultural pursuits, and was a familiar figure in agricultural clubs and conventions, as well as an author of many valuable papers on fruit-culture and kindred topics."	male
"There he met Lord Soulbury who had been appointed to lead a Commission to Ceylon, pressing his case for self-rule. "	 Goonetilleke became an unofficial secretary to the commission and significantly influenced it.	male
	" Shortly before the events of The Empire Strikes Back, Dengar works as an assassin and falls in love with the dancer Manaroo."	male
"A precocious youngster, he was admitted to the Pharmacy School at the University of Buenos Aires at 14 years of age and subsequently to the Medical School of the same university from 1904 to 1910, beginning when he was only 17 years old. "	" While a third year medical student, Houssay took up a post as a research and teaching assistant in the Chair of Physiology."	male
"In front of the bust is a figure of a seated female school teacher holding the hand of a young, female student. "	 The scene represents the close relationship between teacher and student that Zahle endorsed.	female
"By 1889, she was the secretary of the Central National Society for Women's Suffrage, but this position was given up for an even more congenial one, that of organising secretary, under Lady Henry Somerset, of the British Women's Temperance Association. "	 Balgarnie was the author of A plea for the appointment of police matrons at police stations (1894).	female
"The revision of her fame and status as an author began in the early decades of the 18th century and led to manifest defamations in the 19th and early 20th centuries: she became seen as a scandalous female author who, some critics audaciously asserted, did not deserve to be ever read again. "	" Later critics, however, looked back on the conclusions of Richetti and others were short-sighted and perhaps even outright misogynistic and more reflective of their era than of general historic scholarship on the author as an important political satirist."	female
"Through her work, she analyses disability, gender and brings thoughtful reflection on identity politics. "	" Ghai who is the author of (Dis)embodied Form, writes about the gendered politics of disability and its impact on feminist theory."	female
"In Taxation and Innovation in the 20th Century she analyzes the impacts of individual and corporate income taxes on individual inventors, firms that do R&D, and on innovation at the state level in the U.S. throughout the 20th century. "	 Stantcheva has made numerous appearances in the media both as an author and a speaker.	female
"She has spent her political career representing her home state of Minas Gerais, having served in the chamber of deputies from 2015 to 2019. "	 Prior to becoming a politician Muniz worked as a medic and teacher.	female
"Mishol has lectured and taught creative writing at Ben Gurion University, Tel Aviv University, and the Hebrew University in Jerusalem where she also served as Poet-in-Residence (2007). "	 Mishol is the author of 16 volumes of poetry.	female
"However, the Librarian sadly admits that she believes the Ur-Didact to be beyond redemption. "	 The Librarian spares humanity from extinction after their war with the Forerunners.	female
"In June 2018 Korvasová won the Czech National Time Trial Championships, and the following month she won another gold medal in the time trial at the World University Cycling Championships. "	" Korvasová is a student at Masaryk University, specialising in Political Science and European Studies."	female
"In February 2008, Vissi signed to Maple Jam Music Group for the management of the release of her upcoming Greek and English albums. "	" Vissi was the most nominated artist with thirteen music videos, and managed to secure the number one position with Treno, while Agapi Ipervoliki came in at number four when the top 30 were announced."	female
"The two women decide to rob the hypermarket and give the proceeds to Manny, who can pay off the cops with the stolen money and need never fight again. "	" After lifting the day's takings from the cashier's office at gunpoint, they try to walk out through the crowded store, until two of the management start shooting."	female
"Back in Brazil, she concentrated on the founding of the country's first large-scale Braille publishing press. "	 The educator also turned to the regulation of education for the blind.	female
"That same year, she completed a group of new paintings and from 1975 they were exhibited regularly. "	" A second movie, Captivity, was never completed after the artist threw the rough cut into the town dump."	female
"Lee has embarked on a tour promoting her album, Everyone Afraid to Be Forgotten. "	" The artist stated that between shows I found myself alone in my studio at every given chance, inspired from that whole synergy I experienced with the audience on stage."	female
"Her work is featured in the Saatchi Collection, and she is represented by Deitch Projects, New York. "	" Both exhibitions continued the artist’s interest in auto racing by exploring, “the connection between painting and automobile racing, particularly by the contrast between accident versus control that characterizes both pursuits.”"	female
The invocation (vandana) consists of the dancer coming to stage and offering respect to his or her guru and the musicians on the stage. 	" If the team is from the Hindu tradition, the dancer(s) combine facial expressions and hand gestures (mudra) to invoke Hindu gods and goddesses; while a Muslim performance replace the devotional expressions with a salami (salutation)."	female
Since May 2017 she has been Professor of Holocaust Studies at Goethe University Frankfurt. 	" Steinbacher is the author of several works on the Holocaust, including Musterstadt Auschwitz: Germanisierungspolitik Und Judenmord in Ostoberschlesien (2010) and Auschwitz: A History (2005)."	female
She was also appointed Dame of Grace of the Venerable Order of St John. 	 Outside politics Aberconway was a talented artist and horticulturalist.	female
"She is a professor in the Division of Electrical, Electronic and Information Engineering, at Osaka University. "	 Miyaji was born in Osaka Prefecture and became interested in mathematics as an elementary school student after learning of the Epimenides paradox.	female
"She wrote it in 8 months and stuck it in a drawer until a friend persuaded her to submit to a writing contest, which she won. "	 Each case is an opportunity for the author to reveal another aspect of the seamy underside of society and another facet of Venetian life.	female
"She marketed the book among family and friends and sent a copy to her publisher who made numerous cuts in both text and illustrations for the trade edition, chiefly among the tale's many nursery rhymes. "	 Both were published in deluxe editions bound in a flowered chintz of scattered pansies the author selected.	female
"In 1840, she was divorced from the Cologne bookseller Matthieux. "	 Kinkel was an author of considerable merit.	female
"She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for her performance. "	" Lumley, who has one of the most recognised voices in the UK, has gained prominence as a voice-over artist."	female
"She received 11,588 votes (23.36%), finishing second against Bloc Québécois incumbent Louis Plamondon. "	" Poirier is a teacher at the Université du Québec en Outaouais, and is a former vice-president of the New Democratic Party in the riding."	female
"During the same year, Pausini released her first Spanish-language album, Laura Pausini, a compilation of ten adapted versions of hits from her previous albums, issued by Dro Records. "	 Pausini was the first non-Spanish artist to achieve this result.	female
"In 1979 she was invited to the Netherlands where her pictures were exhibited in different museums and galleries in Deventer, The Hague and Rotterdam for the duration of one year. "	 Çokay worked 17 years as a teacher for art and art history in high schools and spent ten years giving private painting lessons in different gallery studios.	female
"Ibbotson had said she disliked financial greed and a lust for power, and often created antagonists in her books who have these characteristics. "	" These books, set primarily in the Austrian countryside, display the author's love of nature."	female
"Between 2007-2010, Drexler worked on a series in which the imagery became more abstract, leading her to her current body of abstraction. "	" These are rare works, which show an artist struggling with and for the spirit.”"	female
"A New York Sun editorial on May 20, 2003, questioned Weingarten's focus on this issue and challenged her argument that class size is a critical factor in learning, noting that America has been reducing class sizes steadily for the last half century, with little to show in results. "	" Weingarten has been a staunch supporter of the LIFO policy (last in, first out), otherwise known as teacher seniority."	female
"Meanwhile, she had left the Democratic Party, after having criticized Matteo Renzi's policies and joined Giuseppe Civati's Possible. "	" After Civati's resignation, Brignone was elected the new Secretary of Possible."	female
Much of the book is irrelevant to Miss Peters's central thesis. 	 The author's linguistic and scholarly abilities are open to question.	female
She is also three-times a winner of the British Athletics Writers' Association Female Athlete of the Year Award (1980–82). 	" Cook held the UK National records for 100m, 200m and 400m for over 25 years."	female
"Sofia Shinas (born January 17, 1968) is a Greek Canadian singer, songwriter, actress and director. "	 Shinas entered the entertainment industry as a recording artist and later pursued acting.	female
"Konigsburg's 1967 novel From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler, and desired to write what she wished to read. "	" Chasing Vermeer took about five years to complete, as Balliett was also a teacher and parent."	female
It is no longer her job to pass on information to the students - a body of knowledge to be learned and assimilated. 	 The teacher’s role is mainly that of a facilitator.	female
"Gough lives and trains in Calgary, where she attended high school with other top athletes, at the National Sport School. "	" Currently, Gough is an engineering student at the University of Calgary."	female
"During the 2001 Miss Star Hellas pageant she won the title Miss Hellas (Greek: Miss Ελλάς) and was chosen to represent Greece at the Miss World pageant which was held in Sun City, South Africa; 93 contestants participated. "	 Aside from being a model Valentini is also a dress designer.	female
"As a practicing landscape architect, McSherry is known for connecting her designs to specific places and for work in watersheds. "	 McSherry is also recognized as a teacher.	female
"In the early stages of her career, she produced some beautiful woodcuts for Cassell's Magazine, which her husband edited, and for Good Words. "	 Haweis was also an author.	female
"Working with photographer Bob McMurtry on the series, Hamilton shot photographs of herself wearing constructed objects like her toothpick suit. "	" The artist used $7,500 worth of pennies to cover a large portion of the gallery floor stuck to the surface by a thin coating of honey."	female
"Returning to the area of her upbringing, in April 2014, Solis formally announced a campaign for a seat on the non-partisan Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. "	" As Supervisor, Solis successfully lobbied the state to allocate funds for the Exide battery plant cleanup."	female
Vos and her sister Elly were separated from their parents during this period (relating to her book Hide and Seek). 	 After the war Vos became a kindergarten teacher.	female
"Unfortunately Alichino has been put on an indefinite hiatus, due to the writer breaking her hand in 2001, leaving people to wonder if the series will be continued, and when. "	" It has since been confirmed in the third Alichino tankoubon that there will be a fourth and that it will probably be the last; however, as of 2005, the author was still writing the Japanese version."	female
"The all-women peer culture formed at women's colleges allowed students to create their own social rules and hierarchies, to become each other's leaders and heroes, and to idolize each other. "	" The practice of smashing involved one student showering another with gifts: notes, chocolates, sometimes even locks of hair."	female
"Like Lev Gumilev, she was a student of Mikhail Artamonov, although she discarded many of the former's theories as mere speculations. "	" Pletneva is the author of numerous books on Eurasian nomads, particularly the Khazars."	female
"Settling in Utica, New York, her father became a traveling salesman. "	 Mengers entered the talent agency business in 1955 as a receptionist at MCA.	female
"Andrews was granted a leave of absence from her librarian's job in March 1911, and when she failed to return, Bertha Proctor was permanently appointed to take her place in May. "	" At that time, the librarian's salary was $35 per month."	female
"She was a student of Chinese art, literature, and sociology. "	" Ayscough was a lecturer on Chinese art and literature and was the author of eight books on Chinese history, culture, literary criticism and translation."	female
"I was in tears, shaking, she told the faculty. "	" The student's plea, offered as evidence in support of the school's speech code, instead struck an unintended chord helping to destroy it."	female
"I wrote about a wet nurse because I'm fascinated with the idea that no matter how 'civilized' we've become, we still need this very primal function; also, wet nursing was the more honorable way for a woman to make a living from her body. "	 Its protagonist is a wet nurse whose breasts provide an unending supply of milk.	female
"Cook and Dickerman made this their home and Eleanor had her own room, although she rarely spent the night. "	" Cook, an expert woodworker, made all furniture."	female
"Splendiano asks the merchant to replace the dancer with Djamileh, while being certain that she will soon be his. "	" Veiled, Djamileh enters in the dancer’s costume and, shy and nervous, makes to leave."	female
"In late 1947, he married Olga Naumova (1901–1978), Natalie's niece. "	 Naumova had lived with the couple and acted as their secretary for 18 years.	female
She can also apparently release a blast of paralytic energy through physical contact without any visible effect. 	 The Asp is also an accomplished dancer with superb muscular control.	female
"Dozens of boys decide to join the swimming team, but when they realize that she teaches synchronized swimming (which is generally a women's sport), all but Suzuki and four other boys drop out. "	" The teacher soon takes maternity leave, and for some time the team is on hiatus."	female
Many of Fleener's short stories appeared in anthologies like Weirdo and Twisted Sisters and the all-women Wimmen's Comix; and her illustrations appeared in Entertainment Weekly. 	" These comix depicted the artist and a colorful cast of characters playing in rock bands, surfing, going to college, and gleefully partaking of drugs and casual sex, among other things."	female
"By personalizing her online activity, creating an experience, engaging, and providing exclusivity to her fans through social media marketing, Lady Gaga was able to achieve incredible levels of success with her music career. "	" This amount depends on the level of development the band or artist is at and the experience, networks and resources of the manager."	female
"You cannot label it, and I think that’s what she loved. "	" After seeing everything come together during the opening night dress rehearsal, costume designer Rousteing was moved to tears."	female
"Dharitri Terangpi (born 24 February 1996) better known as Babie and Nirdhar, is a woman Royal Enfield bullet biker from Guwahati, India. "	" Terangpi is a competitive motorcyclist, long distance rider and photographer."	female
She saw potential in Wieland and convinced her to transfer into the art department. 	" After graduating in 1948, Wieland held various jobs as a graphic designer."	female
"In the early years, Emmanuel was a day college preparing women for professional fields such as education, nursing and social work. "	" Despite being commuters, students were involved in numerous co-curricular activities including student publications and athletics."	female
"Charmed were three girls in their mid-twenties:Oddrun Valestrand, Lise Monica Nygård, and Hanne Kristine Haugsand. "	 Valestrand is a dancer and an all-round performer.	female
"In great houses, scullery maids were the lowest-ranked and often the youngest of the female domestic servants and acted as assistant to a kitchen maid. "	 The scullery maid reported (through the kitchen maid) to the cook or chef.	female
"s central storyline revolves around Rebecca Miyamoto, a child prodigy homeroom teacher, and the antics of her class 1-C. "	" Though the story hardly strays from the focus of the four first-year classes labeled 1-A through 1-D, the mishaps that occur in them, the teacher's lounge, and on school trips also become sources of material for topical allusions regarding satire, anime, Internet, gaming, and popular culture."	female
Golding was born in Blaenau Ffestiniog in 1881 and her family then moved to Hay on Wye. 	 Golding trained as a nurse.	female
"In 2014, a librarian at the southern California campus of Everest College quit her position when she learned a student she was assisting could only read at the third-grade level, may have a developmental disability, and was unlikely to find work in his chosen field. "	 The librarian resigned out of principle after an unsuccessful attempt to resolve the issue with administration.	female
"Eu was elected Secretary of State of California in 1974, becoming the first Asian American woman ever elected to a state constitutional office in the United States. "	 Eu was elected Secretary of State five times.	female
"She received her early education in French, while at the same time attending Koranic school. "	 Bâ was a prominent law student at school.	female
DooLittle began her career as a peepshow girl in New York's Times Square in the 1980s. 	" DooLittle spent three years working on staff as a sex educator with the feminist sex toys store Babeland, holding the position of Education Coordinator and Lead Workshop Facilitator."	female
"By personalizing her online activity, creating an experience, engaging, and providing exclusivity to her fans through social media marketing, Lady Gaga was able to achieve incredible levels of success with her music career. "	" (The less developed the artist and more experienced the manager, the higher the commission.)"	female
"She illustrated the books The Works of Jesus (1909) by Edna S. Little, Love in a Dutch Garden (1914) by Neith Boyce, More Fairytale Plays (1917) by Marguerite Merington, Gertrude Crownfield's Heralds of the King (1931), and Justine Ward's Sunday Mass (1932). "	 Delehanty was a prolific designer of bookplates.	female
"Anne Elwood, from her Memoirs of Literary Ladies: It was her invariable habit to write in her bed-room, – a homely-looking, almost uncomfortable room, fronting the street, and barely furnished – with a simple white bed, at the foot of which was a small, old, oblong-shaped sort of dressing-table, quite covered with a common worn writing-desk, heaped with papers, while some strewed the ground, the table being too small for aught besides the desk. "	" A little high-backed cane chair, which gave you any idea but that of comfort, and a few books scattered about, completed the author's paraphernalia."	female
The lyrics are easier to understand and less cryptic than her previous albums. 	" Although some themes dear to the artist are addressed in Anamorphosée, sadness and pain are much less present in this album which is more about the spirituality (Buddhism)."	female
"Three weeks before her death, Slaughterback donated her famous rattlesnake skin dress to the Greeley Municipal Museum; Ernie donated more of her possessions after her death, including her Remington rifle. "	 Slaughterback was a nurse during World War II and served in the Pacific Theater.	female
"For this book she won the Nienke van Hichtum-prijs, the Woutertje Pieterse Prijs and the Gouden Griffel. "	 Schaap is the first author to win the Woutertje Pieterse Prijs with a debut novel.	female
"In 1970, two years after the beginning of China's Cultural Revolution, Liu was sent to Huairou, a small village in the Beijing countryside, where she lived and worked among the local villagers from 1968 to 1972. "	 As a student Liu's art education had strict limits; the constrained and academic style which students were forced to emulate has been likened by Liu to paint-by-numbers.	female
"At the end of her first year at the University of Manchester, Hallinan appeared in the first of two series of the cult TV drama Sugar Rush for Channel 4, based on the Julie Burchill novel. "	" While at Manchester, Hallinan was actively involved in student drama."	female
Her combines images that range from her life in Laos that include ancient large stone jars with burial sites to portraits of the elderly. 	 The artist's image backgrounds range from empty studio back drops to plastic flowers.	female
"Schulman takes the reader on a behind-the-scenes tour of New York's theatre culture providing a glimpse into the power structure that makes up the theatre and media scene as she depicts her fight for compensation from the estate of Jonathan Larson, whose award-winning musical Rent shares many characters and situations with her novel People in Trouble, a novel she published in 1991 and that Jonathan Larson read and was familiar with prior to writing Rent. "	" Schulman learns that there many mainstream artists who borrow material from lesser-known artist and go on to be successful and win awards, but who fail to provide even the smallest mention of the origin of their work."	female
"She retired from Erlangen and moved to the University of Debrecen, in Hungary, in 2001, but died on 19 December 2001, shortly after starting her new position there. "	 Cofman was the author of:	female
"It is a series of videos and photographs of the artist herself, exploring the theme of gender differences and identity exploration seen through violence and perverse pleasure. "	 The artist's own interpretation of the reason to picture such violence and autoagression is that (...) it might somehow be an aftermath of the works (…) on the concentration camps which were far more political and also dealing with violence.	female
She is an accredited teacher for the American Film Institute and S.A.G. 	" Conservatory, dance teacher and fitness consultant."	female
"Following Congressional passage of the amendment, Friedan advocated for ratification of the amendment in the states and supported other women's rights reforms: she founded the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws but was later critical of the abortion-centered positions of many liberal feminists. "	" Regarded as an influential author and intellectual in the United States, Friedan remained active in politics and advocacy until the late 1990s, authoring six books."	female
"In 1938, she was hired as the medical officer of the government school, and made her home on Luzio Street in Sliema. "	" Along with an ophthalmologist and a dentist, Condachi began the school medical service."	female
By 1989 Daulne had spent several years singing in Brussels in jazz cafes when she decided to create a group to merge the cultures of her life and in 1990 founded the group Zap Mama. 	 Daulne couldn't work as a solo artist.	female
"After coming in second in a Japanese music competition in 1984, Ogawa attained third prize in the 1987 Leeds International Piano Competition, which launched her international performing career. "	 Since 1997 Ogawa has been an exclusive recording artist for BIS Records.	female
"The author previously had translated existing works and wrote her own books, including novels. "	" The author conducted interviews, including of Kawashima's relatives who were still alive."	female
"She had three sisters, Amy, Lovisa, and Wilhelmina, as well as one brother, Vitalis. "	" The family moved to Uppsala in 1860, where Segerstedt trained as a teacher at Klosterskolan (Thengbergska school) in 1861."	female
Initially the girl was panicky but she eventually calmed down when she realized that her situation was safe. 	" Flooding therapy is not for every individual, and the therapist will discuss with the patient the levels of anxiety they are prepared to endure during the session."	female
"After a series of miscarriages, she underwent surgery to remove a fibroid tumor. "	" Although still weak from surgery, Glaspell worked with Cook and friends to start an experimental theatre company, a creative collective."	female
"She cut her first record, I'm a Honky Tonk Girl, in February 1960. "	" 1 hits, out of 70 charted songs as a solo artist and a duet partner."	female
"During the litigation with her label, Rimes asked that Curb give Rimes the rights to all past recordings and videos, give up all publishing interests in her compositions and destroy all currently available recordings. "	" I want to make abundantly clear to you that this album is not a reflection of myself as an artist but is solely the conception of Curb Records, and for that I am truly and deeply sorry."	female
"That year she released her next album, Secret Secrets. "	" The album was a top 20 hit but failed to yield any hit singles, cementing Armatrading's status as an album artist."	female
"She was born Charlotte Louise Kingdon, the daughter of John Clarence Kingdon and Elsie Wilmot, and was educated at Minnedosa Collegiate, the Manitoba Provincial Normal School and Brandon College. "	" Prior to running for political office, Oleson raised three children and worked as librarian for the town of Glenboro and later for Glenboro Collegiate."	female
"If she were more comfortable singing higher, then the teacher would probably classify her as a soprano. "	" A voice teacher, however, would never classify a singer in more than one voice type, regardless of the size of the vocal range of the singer."	female
Inagaki specialized in the Edo period and taught Sugiura how to do the background surveys that would later ensure the historical accuracy of her manga and other works. 	" Sugiura was the assistant of Murasaki Yamada, a prominent feminist manga artist."	female
"When she took a photography course, she became obsessed once more, and graduated with a photography major. "	 Sigismondi started a career as a fashion photographer.	female
"However, Carey expressed in several interviews that due to the strenuous nature and the sheer difficulty of her songs, she feared a tour with back-to-back shows would not be possible, aside from the long travel times and constant travel. "	" During this time period in music, it was traditional for an artist to release a studio album every two years in their prime, allowing the singles to fully promote the album through airwaves, as well as television appearances."	female
"Between 1998 and 2003, she taught the Social Psychology of Prejudice at the Human Rights Department at the Central European University. "	" Göncz was appointed Political State Secretary of the Ministry for Health, Social and Family Affairs responsible for civil co-ordination in 2002."	female
"Vivian sent her baby daughter, accompanied by her nursemaid, Consuela Strohmeier, to Montreal aboard the Donaldson Atlantic Line's SS Athenia, which was sunk by a German submarine on September 3, 1939 with a loss of 118 passengers. "	 The child and the nurse survived.	female
President Jimmy Carter appointed her to be the first United States Secretary of Education in 1979. 	" As the first Secretary of Education, Hufstedler's agenda has been depicted as being focused on strengthening state and federal interrelationships, as well as educational equity."	female
The students in the program were admitted as a group when Chicago and Schapiro were hired at Cal Arts after Chicago found that the Fresno State College Art department was reluctant to embrace her vision of a new kind of female centered art. 	 It was their intention to teach without the use of authoritarian rules or a unilateral flow of power from teacher to student.	female
The topic of her prize-winning essay was same-sex marriage. 	" Darville is reported to have worked variously as a graphic designer, property law lecturer, and physical education teacher."	female
"The last, published in 1859, had a short advertisement by Glascock's daughter, stating that the work has been translated into French, Russian, Swedish, and Turkish, and adopted by the navies of those powers, as well as by that of the United States. "	" Laughton remarked that the work was of course, quite obsolete, though still interesting to the student of naval history and customs."	female
"Professor Dame Sarah Cowley is a British district nurse and academic, specialising in the field of health visiting. "	 Cowley started a career in Eastbourne as a health visitor and practice teacher.	female
"Lavigne, who wore some of the clothes and jewellery from her line at various concerts before its official launch, pointed out that she was not merely licensing her name to the collection. "	 I actually am the designer.	female
She particularly enjoyed interacting with students and seeing their responses to what she taught them. 	" For example, one of the most rewarding parts of teaching for Gunatilleke was when a student understood a topic they had been struggling with."	female
"Work on them will be funded using Patreon, as mentioned in her blog. (as Michelle Sagara, Luna Books) Kaylin is a young woman with a complicated history. "	" The books tend to be more procedural than the author's other novels, but with an underlying, driving plot."	female
"She states that reading good writing can lead to creativity, so she picks up books if she is ever stuck so she can think of where she wants her books to go and how to get them to go in that direction. "	" Kirkus Reviews attributes the author with writing the novel in a lyrical manner while integrating historical events, however, it is relentlessly and explicitly brutal [that] it runs the risk of numbing, or perhaps exhausting, the reader."	female
"After retiring from active competition, Cheryl married her wife Kalen Curtis on February 28, 2014. "	 Haworth is also an artist and has a sold a number of paintings for hundreds of dollars.	female
"In it, students described her as a teacher who really communicates with the students and who, without any complaints . . . has stayed late, worked nights, and with quiet efficiency supported her staff in their monumental task. "	" After retiring from teaching, Cook became a novelist."	female
"Soon after she helped form Amici Forever with which she released two successful albums, The Opera Band (2004) and Defined (2005). "	 Maswanganyi is also active as a solo artist on both the concert and opera stages.	female
"The women now pursued their educational project with smaller groups, using suitably sized rooms in the homes of the more relatively well-to-to backers. "	" After further wrangling, they managed to find and recruit a qualified teacher with the necessary teaching permit and in 1856 opened a proper school, centrally located in Hamburg, which at the outset welcomed sixty pupils."	female
"Her personal papers were preserved after her death by her editor, literary agent, artistic collaborator, and lover Djuna Barnes. "	" The collection contains correspondences, visual poems, and other artistic/literary works by the artist."	female
"Both had handled her previous novel, We the Living. "	" According to Peikoff, [Macmillan's] comment was: the author does not understand socialism."	female
"From 2000 to 2003, she served as mayor of Stratford, Ontario. "	 Haslam was a teacher and librarian before entering public life.	female
"At age six, she appeared in her first commercial for Mama Celeste Pizza. "	" Patts attended Pasadena Alternative School and, while a student, was appointed to a student trustee's position on the Pasadena Board of Education."	female
"During the period between 1960 and 1964, Mitchell moved away from the all-over style and bright colors of her earlier compositions, instead using sombre hues and dense central masses of color to express something inchoate and primordial. "	" The marks on these works were said to be extraordinary: The paint flung and squeezed on to the canvases, spilling and spluttering across their surfaces and smeared on with the artist's fingers."	female
She received a Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for her performance in the film Brink of Life (1958). 	 Dahlbeck retired from acting in 1970 and became an author.	female
"In 1967 she got a postgraduate from the National Academy of Sciences, in 1980 a doctorate and has been a university professor since 1988. "	 Is the author 200 scientific works and collaborated in near 40 inventions for Chemistry and Perfumuery industries.	female
"Unlike the heroine of the novel, she did not survive, but is commemorated in the church. "	" According to the preface, the work is a romance and not a historical novel, because the author neither dares, nor desires, to claim for it the dignity or cumber it with the difficulty of an historical novel."	female
"In November 1938 she teamed up with Marie Pappenheim to establish the Cercle Culturel Autrichien (loosely, Austrian cultural circle). "	 It was financed from Spiegel's earnings as a gymnastics teacher.	female
She has led the Gas & Power division since January 2000. 	 Cook is also member of board of directors of KBR (company) and The Boeing Company.	female
Her home town held a sponsored canoe event (canoeing from Pewsey to Bath where she was training) to help raise the money. 	" Rudman also spent some time as a supply teacher at Devizes School, a secondary school located in Devizes, Wiltshire."	female
She is Playboy's Playmate for October 1994. 	" Zdrok is also a non-practicing attorney, a clinical psychologist and sex therapist."	female
"This is a book full of vaporous, French-intellectual prose that makes Teilhard de Chardin sound like Ernest Hemingway by comparison; but that is not a criticism, because the author likes that sort of prose and has taken lessons in how to write it, and she thinks that plain, homely speech is part of a conspiracy to oppress the poor. "	" This is a book that clatters around in a dark closet of irrelevancies for 450 pages before it bumps accidentally into its index and stops; but that is not a criticism, either, because its author finds it gratifying and refreshing to bang unrelated facts together as a rebuke to stuffy minds."	female
She wrote for the New York Evening Post until 1928 - the first woman to serve as music critic for a New York daily newspaper - and gave guest lectures throughout the 1930s. 	 Samaroff developed a course of music study for laymen and was the first music teacher to be broadcast on NBC television.	female
"In 1987, she produced a report that the herpes simplex genome can remain harbored in trigeminal ganglia. "	" Cook mentored collaborators, postdoctoral fellows, graduate students, and technicians."	female
"The 11th century Vishnu temple at Trikodithanam, and the Kidangur Subramanya temple, have several sculptures of female dancers in Mohiniyattam pose. "	" The 16th century Vyavaharamala by Nambootiri contains the first known mention of the term Mohiniyattam, in the context of a payment to be made to a Mohiniyattam dancer."	female
Coordinates: 55.035°N 7.284°W Thornhill College is a Roman Catholic grammar school for girls. 	 It has a student population of approximately 1500 and a staff of 100 teachers.	female
"Bankhead claimed that her first performance was witnessed by none other than the Wright brothers, Orville and Wilbur. "	" I won the prize for the top performance, with an imitation of my kindergarten teacher, Bankhead wrote."	female
"She explained that I wasn't really thinking about coming back with another album because I thought, 'You know what? "	 I'm not really trying to do the artist thing anymore.	female
"She had another affair with a local man during a stay with her daughters in Samoa in 1989; when she returned she discovered Pat was also having an affair, which she accepted. "	" A prolific artist, Bewick paints in oil, sculpts, and works with cloth, but is most associated with watercolours."	female
"On November 18, 2004, she revealed on her website that she would return to music and announced that the album would be called The Emancipation of Mimi, stating, For the first time in my life, I feel free and unashamed to be who I really am, she wrote. "	 I am celebrating that I've grown into a person and artist who no longer feels imprisoned by my insecurities ...	female
"Susanne K. Langer, in her book 'Feeling and Form,' posited this idea. "	" Langer reasoned that film had become its own medium through its use of 'the dream mode', or a direct visual portrayal of an artist's intentions and/or imagination."	female
"The student, a member of the Iowa National Guard, would not be able to be in class on the day of an exam due to the requirements of the Guard, and spoke briefly with professor Cathy DeSoto, who said she would look into the university policy for military service which caused missed classes, but that the standard missed-class policy would apply. "	" The student later filed a standard grievance, as DeSoto had recommended."	female
"As early as the late 1820s and early 1830s, she and her sister began opening infant schools in northeastern Ohio. "	" After obtaining a degree from Oberlin College in 1840s, Cowles began a formal career as a teacher."	female
"For three days, her body lay in repose while thousands of people arrived to pay their respects. "	" A young student once asked Bakhita: What would you do, if you were to meet your captors?"	female
"Maria Lea Carmen Imutan Salonga, OL, (/ˈleɪə səˈlɒŋɡə/; born February 22, 1971) is a Filipina singer and actress, best known for her roles in musical theatre, for supplying the singing voices of two Disney Princesses (Jasmine and Mulan), and as a recording artist and television performer. "	 Salonga is the first Filipino artist to sign with an international record label (Atlantic Records in 1993).	female
"Addressing this, the art historians Rose-Marie and Rainer Hagen suppose that the donor is imagining that she has entered into his house. "	" The attendant dressed in a festive outfit is by a later artist, perhaps it was added after the donor's marriage."	female
Soon after World War II she traveled abroad to Paris. 	 A 1960 solo exhibit in Zagreb was the first time an American artist had mounted such a show in Yugoslavia.	female
"In January 2008, she authored Not My Child; Contemporary Paganism & New Spirituality. "	 The book discusses the author's view that casual occultism permeates youth culture and suggests tips for parents as well as classroom lessons.	female
"The popularity of the Harry Potter series has translated into substantial financial success for Rowling, her publishers, and other Harry Potter related license holders. "	 This success has made Rowling the first and thus far only billionaire author.	female
"The 20th century cookery writer Elizabeth David considers that it is plain to me that she is reporting at first hand, and sometimes with an original and charming turn of phrase; the television cook Fanny Cradock provided a foreword to a reprint of The Art of Cookery in 1971, in which she praised Glasse and her approach. "	" Craddock found the writing easy to follow and thought Glasse an honest cook, who seemed to have tried most of the recipes in the book."	female
"As her work has evolved over the past several years, Baker says she is less conscious of ‘riding the boundary’ between the historically disparate modes. "	 Flat Out also featured freestanding sculptural works such as Kurotoplac Kurve that the artist would explore further in subsequent shows.	female
In 1986 Pelletier composed and recorded her first album Premier Contact which received a nomination as Discovery of the Year at the Félix Awards. 	" This was followed by 150 performances and some music videos, establishing Pelletier's career as a Quebec artist."	female
She often uses herself and her family as models. 	 The Canopy Series (1987) draws on experiences from the artist's own family.	female
"In 1982, the Animal series enabled Rheims' to train her lens on another form of nudity: that of stuffed animals with fixed stares, which seemed to want to express something beyond death. "	" With Modern Lovers (1989-1990) [note] the photographer questioned gender, androgyny and transsexuality."	female
"In August 2019, she was elected secretary-treasurer of the SAG-AFTRA union. "	" Manheim was elected to the secretary-treasurer position with 16,047 votes."	female
"Her father was the head of a Protestant boarding school, and as a result of growing up in an educational environment Kramers learned several languages as a child. "	" At 15, Kramers began studying at a teacher training school in Arnhem."	female
"Secrist, son of J.S. "	" Secrist, volunteered as the construction manager with all other laborers volunteering their time as well."	male
Kretschmann is most famous for his 1917 claim that Einstein's use of the principle of covariance in General Relativity is vacuous. 	" Kretschmann claimed that the demand that a theory be put in generally covariant form does not limit or restrict the range of acceptable theories, but is simply a challenge to the mathematician's ingenuity."	male
"In the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s, he worked with The Soft Machine, Savoy Brown, Ten Years After, King Crimson and Led Zeppelin. "	 As engineer unless otherwise specified:	male
In minutes he preempted any possibility of violent resistance from hard-line priistas. 	 It was an act of electoral integrity that will forever mark the mild-mannered economist as a historic figure of Mexico's peaceful transition to democracy.	male
"According to the Law of Uppland, the hundreds of Uppland provided as many as four ships each (four ships, each with 24 crewmen and a steersman, each equals 100 men), those of Västmanland two ships and those of Roslagen one ship (the name indicate that this was seen as just one ship's crew but they were not part of a hundred and might have had the same rights/function of whole hundred only fewer people). "	" Later 12th-13th century changes to this law code list more extensive equipment for the more affluent freemen, with helmet, mail hauberk, shield, spear and sword being what the well-to-do farmer or burgher must bring to war."	male
"From 1961 until his retirement in 1989, Truesdell was professor of rational mechanics at Johns Hopkins University. "	" Truesdell was the founder and editor-in-chief of the journals Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis and Archive for History of Exact Sciences, which were unusual in several ways."	male
"After he and the others escaped Planet Doom, went to the Castle of Lions on Planet Arus, where they met Princess Allura and Coran and were designated as the Voltron Force. "	 Hunk is a mechanic and Voltron Force member.	male
"Any organization of men, but no fewer than ten, which individually and collectively, shall have duly petitioned for and received a Charter from the Supreme Lodge and which, thus Chartered and authorized, is functioning under the name and style of AHEPA, or its corporate name, shall be deemed to be a Chapter of the Order of AHEPA, and subject to its jurisdiction. "	" At the chapter level, the main officer positions are:"	male
"Schwartz started his career in 1987 at McKinsey & Company in New York City, focused on serving consumer products and financial services companies.[citation needed] In 1989, Schwartz left McKinsey and moved to Chevy Chase, Maryland, where he was a co-founder of Lighthouse Design, a company focused on building software for NeXT Computer, Inc. "	" Eventually, Schwartz became chief executive officer of Lighthouse."	male
"One of the Mhuruuks who was not slain was Orini, son of Olnar, being just an untrained boy. "	 Eventually Orini became the chief disciple of Dormammu.	male
"In 1993, ICI Pharmaceuticals demerged to become Zeneca, and in 1994 he was appointed chief executive officer of the new company. "	 McKillop became chief executive officer (CEO) of the merged company.	male
His neighbours question his authority and do not seem to think much of the Jesus they remember or his family. 	" Isn't this the carpenter (τέκτoν, tektōn)?"	male
He was the son of a brewery manager. 	" From 1927 to 1934, Roschmann was a member of the Fatherland's Front, which in turn was part of the Austrian home guard (Heimatschutz)."	male
Army officers forced him to relocate with his people to a small camp close to the Pine Ridge Agency. 	 Here the soldiers could more closely watch the old chief.	male
He took the stage name Robert T. Odeman when he began his career as an actor and musician. 	" After training to become a carpenter, Odeman studied classical piano, successfully performing throughout Europe for several years as a pianist."	male
"He has spent his political career representing Pernambuco, having served as state representative since 2011. "	 Before entering politics Coutinho worked as a civil engineer.	male
"Sowry was born in Palmerston North, and attended Tararua College in Pahiatua where he was head boy. "	" After working for a time at the Valuation Department, Sowry was employed by Hannahs, shoe manufacturers and retailers as a retail manager."	male
Air Marshal Ahmed Shafik received the highest medals and merits during his service. 	" As a young officer, Shafik served as a Mig-19 and Mig-21 fighter pilot and was later appointed as fighter air squadron commander."	male
He finished 6th in a thin field and was advised to retire on medical grounds after a heavy crash in the final round. 	 Soper was voted the greatest saloon car driver ever by readers of Motor Sport.	male
In 1945 he moved to Lübeck. 	 Kühnert's most active period as an architect was in the 1920s.	male
"In 1865, after 15 years of service as an officer, Luitenant Tan Tjoen Tiat was raised to the rank his father-in-law had held, that of Kapitein. "	" This mayoral elevation went against existing tradition, which favoured the longest-serving Kapiteins from long-established officer families, and thus showed the confidence in which the colonial government held the new Majoor."	male
"His original plan for the gameplay and combat was to combine mechanics from simulation and adventure games, breaking away from RPG trends. "	" Due to these creative differences, Kikuta resigned as Sacnoth's CEO following the release of Koudelka in 1999, going on the found the music label Norstrilia."	male
"Since the driver, 31-year-old Michael Hodder, had been killed in the collision, it was not possible to establish why he had passed the signal at danger. "	" However, Hodder was inexperienced, having qualified as a driver two weeks before the crash."	male
"Hazheev is a career soldier, and studied first at the Suvorov Military School in Sverdlovsk, then at the Tashkent Higher All-Arms Command School, where he graduated in 1963, and finally at the Frunze Military Academy in Moscow. "	" From 1983 until 1986, Hazheev served as chief adviser to the Soviet military mission in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam."	male
"In June 1933, after the mental asylum's director informed Himmler that Eicke was not mentally unbalanced, Himmler arranged his release, paid his family 200 Reich marks as a gift, reinstated him into the SS, and promoted him to SS-Oberführer (equivalent to senior colonel). "	" Eicke requested a permanent unit and Himmler granted the request, forming the SS-Wachverbände (Guard Unit)."	male
"They formed a songwriting duo who produced about forty songs and created Buscaglione's public persona, a humorous tough guy with a penchant for whisky and women. "	" At that time, Chiosso was a university student, while Buscaglione eked out a living as a jazz singer and musician in those clubs."	male
He also contributed to the Royal Society and the International Union for Co-operation in Solar Research. 	 This was an important appointment for such a junior scientist.	male
Vovos (Greek: Αρμόδιος Άρης Βωβός; born 21 October 1964) is a Greek businessman. 	 Vovos is a rally driver and was president of Maroussi Basketball Club.	male
"His main role during the miniseries is to observe and investigate Krona's actions, refusing to deviate from his non-involvement at the end when Krona demanded his aid. "	" At the end, Metron kept guard over the newly formed Cosmic egg."	male
"Approximately 40,000 men served with the division between 1940 and 1946. "	 The following officers served as commanding officer of the 7th Division:	male
"Alongside his communications management roles he specialised in crisis management and counterterrorist issues, and his final posting was to create and lead Britain's civil crisis management unit and the government's communication specialists. "	" After working as a trade and local news journalist, Granatt joined the civil service in 1979 as an information officer."	male
"Kotzen would later be expelled from the band following the world tour, after it was discovered that he had been romantically involved with the fiancee of drummer Rikki Rockett. "	 Kotzen would later claim that being in Poison helped me forget I was a musician while Rockett would lament the loss of the band's original attitude	male
"Among Lao Issara's prominent members were three European-educated princes; brothers Phetsarath Ratanavongsa and Souvanna Phouma, and their half brother, Souphanouvong. "	" Souphanouvong became commander in chief, as well as minister of foreign affairs."	male
"In early 1875, he moved to Cañon City, Colorado, and worked for James Clelland in his general mercantile store. "	" Peabody quickly climbed the ladder at Clelland's store, becoming a manager, then a full partner, and then purchasing the store outright in 1882."	male
And with the composer Franz Gleißner he started a publishing firm in 1796 using lithography. 	 Senefelder was appointed 1809 to be the Inspector of a new Institution set up for this purpose in Bavaria called the Lithographic Institute (Lithographische Anstalt) in Munich.	male
"In football, as a senior, he was a Football News All-Independent first team selection, and registered 74 knockdown blocks. "	" Thrust into a starting role immediately upon being drafted, Petitgout played left guard and right tackle before settling as the Giants' left tackle in 2002."	male
It is still incredible to me that he actually brought the orchestra through to the end. 	" The extensive press coverage of the incident made Monteux at age thirty-eight, truly a famous conductor."	male
He also served in that chamber's party leadership as the Senate Democratic Caucus Secretary from 2005 to 2010. 	 Albertson is a singer-songwriter and musician that has toured in 26 countries.	male
"It was thought that he was used to driving without a speedometer and so had misjudged his speed on the approach to Lincoln, entering a 15 mph curve at around 55 mph. "	" The driver had also evidently been inattentive because the home signal near the curve was not cleared until the train was almost at it, yet it passed the signal at around 60 mph."	male
"Simonson told the president in his 2006 resignation letter that he had accomplished what he had set out to do, and it was time to pursue other opportunities. "	 Simonson served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to bioterrorism and other public health emergencies.	male
"About 1856, he led his people in relocating to the Omaha reservation in what is now northeastern Nebraska. "	 LaFlesche served as principal chief until 1888.	male
He demonstrated that the emission is mostly concentrated in the microwave spectral range. 	" By 1950, Prokhorov was assistant chief of the oscillation laboratory."	male
While wrestling on the independent circuit he worked as an accountant during the day. 	 Among these included the IPWA (Independent Pro Wrestling Association) Wohl was originally cast as the manager of a group known as the Rat Pack.	male
"There he handled a large number of corporate finance deals, including the bidding for UMTS licenses in Europe for Telefónica, totaling more than US$15 billion. "	" The firm in which Hayek was CEO, split into two entities in 2006 following Hayek's departure to join the Lebanese Government under Prime Minister Siniora."	male
"After a brief shootout, the policeman wounded Gaggi in the neck and arrested him. "	" Although charged with the murders, and the attempted murder of the police officer, Gaggi was only convicted of assault."	male
"In 1999, he was awarded the Order of the Palmetto by then-Governor Jim Hodges. "	" Gustafson continued to conduct occasional programs at BJU until 2010, as well as remaining active as a conductor of high school all-state choirs and orchestras and conducting church choir clinics."	male
"From 1959 to 1962 he read engineering at Keble College, Oxford, and then began his career as a designer at consultants Rendel, Palmer and Tritton. "	 Sainsbury also worked as project engineer and later as project director on the construction of the Natwest Tower which was completed in 1980.	male
Ziri ibn Manad or Ziri son of Mennad (died in 971) was the founder of the Zirid dynasty in the Berber world. 	" Ziri ibn Mennad was a chief of the Takalata branch of the Sanhajah confederation, to which the Kutama Berbers belonged."	male
"Byrnes began his talk show on March 23, 2011. "	" As of 2013, Byrnes also works as an analyst for select Pac-12 Network baseball games."	male
"To apease him, Asquith invited Isaacs to join the Cabinet; he was the first attorney general to sit in the Cabinet. "	" As law officer, Isaacs handled many high-profile cases."	male
He lived for about 10 years in the South of France where he built yachts. 	" Huggett was reported to have been an intelligence officer, who from 1989 ran a school for children in Hampshire."	male
Lie joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after receiving his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. 	 Lie was editor-in-chief for Det 20de Aarhundre ('The 20th Century') from 1919 to 1921.	male
"The Romantic revival, seeing in him a victim of its special bête noire Boileau, and attracted by his splendid diction, rich metrical faculty, and combination of classical and medieval peculiarities, adopted his name as a kind of battle-cry, and for the moment exaggerated his merits somewhat. "	 Ronsard was the acknowledged chief of the Pléiade and its most voluminous poet.	male
"He obtained leave of absence in 1898 to inquire into methods of teaching electrical subjects in Europe, but on his return resigned his chair as from 31 December 1898, as circumstances had made it necessary that he should live in England. "	" Threlfall now became a consulting engineer and established a high reputation as an electro-chemist, combining chemical insight with the aptitude of an engineer."	male
"Valuable time was lost when the train manager refused to stop the train until he had investigated the problem himself, saying this was company policy. "	" This decision was upheld in court, absolving the train manager of all charges."	male
His participation in a convocation of business leaders and students at Harvard University during the Vietnam War landed him in the Nixon Enemies List. 	 Palmieri served as the Deputy Rehabilitator and CEO at Mutual Benefit from 1991 until 1994.	male
"Throughout the film, the truck driver remains anonymous and unseen, with the exception of three separate shots, where the stunt driver can very briefly be seen in the truck's cab, where his arm waves Weaver on into oncoming traffic, and where Weaver observes the driver's snakeskin boots. "	" Spielberg says that the effect of not seeing the driver makes the real villain of the film the truck itself, rather than the driver."	male
"Afterward, while looking for a stream from which to obtain water with a friend, he discovers from the commanding officer that his regiment has a lackluster reputation. "	 The officer speaks casually about sacrificing the 304th because they are nothing more than mule drivers and mud diggers.	male
"Some of the White family's property at Ruthwaite (near Ireby) passed into his hands, which secured Peel a comfortable income. "	" Peel was a farmer by profession, and kept a pack of fox hounds."	male
"According to director Nicholas Meyer, writing in his autobiography, The View from the Bridge, Saavik was dropped from the film and Valeris created when Kirstie Alley proved unwilling to reprise the role, while Leonard Nimoy, in his autobiography I Am Spock, said there were also second thoughts about casting a popular, established character as a villain. "	" Saavik, however, does appear in the novelization of the film, as a recruiting officer who inspires Valeris to join Starfleet, and offers some insights on how to deal with a dual heritage."	male
A Soleil Securities alternative energy analyst cut Xethanol's rating to Sell-target $1.53 from Hold-target $10 after he became disillusioned by the response from Xethanol. 	 The analyst had been trying to obtain information from Xethanol for institutions interested in investing.	male
"Sensing that it was unsafe for him to remain in Germany he emigrated to the United States in 1936, where he became professor at the University of California, Berkeley. "	 Goldschmidt was the first scientist to use the term hopeful monster.	male
He served as Minister of Agriculture from 1912 to 1913. 	 Enge was a farmer by profession.	male
"In 1403, he was ordered to write a compilation of every subject and every known book of the Chinese. "	" Xie was appointed chief compiler of this encyclopedia, later named the Yongle Encyclopedia, and completed it by 1408."	male
"Another band Silenoz, or Ed Damnator as he was called, played rhythm guitar and occasional bass in was the Norwegian thrash metal band, Nocturnal Breed. "	 Before becoming a musician Silenoz used to work in a kindergarten.	male
"Since the architect has a deep involvement in the success of a project, he must perform his work under a clearly defined contract. "	" Under this contract, the architect and the owner are under the obligation of the contract and must abide by it."	male
"He only completed two of the 21 races he entered, although more of these were due to mechanical failures than driver errors. "	 1997 would be the last year Campos would spend as a professional driver.	male
"While the security officer makes his way far into the citadel, Battle Group Seven of the Pfhor fleet arrives and engages Durandal's ship. "	 The security officer is abruptly teleported to help hold back boarding parties while Durandal teleports all remaining Human and S'pht crew to a stronghold on the planet's surface.	male
"In Rather's narration about one of the memos, he referred to pressure being applied on Bush's behalf by General Buck Staudt, and described Staudt as the man in charge of the Texas National Guard. "	 Staudt had retired from the guard a year and a half prior to the dates of the memos.	male
"He has also expressed interest in pop music, citing his respect for both Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga. "	 Odadjian is currently mentoring the band Chameleon Conductor record their debut album.	male
"Popp was educated at Friedrich-Alexander-University (FAU), Nuremberg, where he studied electrical engineering from 1975 to 1981 and obtained a graduate Diploma. "	 From 1985 to 1990 was Popp development engineer for digital circuits on board-level.	male
He won his sole Railway Cup medal in 2005 as Munster defeated Leinster by 1-21 to 2-14 in Boston. 	 Mulcahy was appointed manager of the Cork Institute of Technology senior hurling team in 2011.	male
A hockey player and his friend Jay MacDonald were inspired to bring a team to St. 	" Pilous would be coach & general manager of the team, and MacDonald would be secretary & treasurer."	male
"While in college, he was a member of the Young Americans for Freedom. "	" After graduating from college, Souder worked as a marketing manager and small business owner."	male
"Anu is depressed that Balu sacrificed himself to save her, searches for him and loses hope. "	 Balu is saved by a truck driver and admitted to a hospital.	male
In 1972 he was awarded the Soviet honorary title of Hero of Socialist Labor. 	 Rudenko was one of the chief commandants of NKVD special camp Nr.	male
"He claims that he was circumvented, which is why he never apologised for his involvement, but he could have resigned, especially after the resignation of foreign minister Adam Rapacki, but did not. "	" Jaruzelski became a candidate member for the Politburo of the Polish United Workers' Party, the chief executive body of the party, obtaining full membership the following year."	male
"On 11 December 1931, three policemen were injured in a fight between New Guardsmen and communists in Darlinghurst. "	" A few days later, 13 members of the New Guard were arrested after violently disrupting a political meeting in Coffs Harbour."	male
His mother was Russian. 	" During World War I, Zoshchenko served in the army as a field officer, was wounded in action several times, and was heavily decorated."	male
"In 1994, after graduating from San Francisco State University's film school, he started working with Jamie Hyneman at M5 Industries. "	" Belleci worked as a stage manager, running errands and cleaning the shop, but quickly moved up the ranks."	male
He is the co-founder and CEO of Vivaldi Technologies. 	 Tetzchner is also a co-founder and the former CEO of Opera Software.	male
But Lax's primary contributions to the negotiation literature come from his two books with Professor Sebenius. 	 The Manager as Negotiator made a number of contributions to the field of negotiation.	male
"Bayles (pronounced 'Bay-Less') is known for his work with bands such as The Classic Crime, Isis, Soundgarden, Pearl Jam, Botch, Mastodon, Minus the Bear, Burnt by the Sun, and Norma Jean and as the keyboardist for American indie rock band, Minus the Bear. "	" Eventually moving on to engineering country demo sessions with session musician, Bayles learned the ropes of the recording studio."	male
"Santamaría began representing Spain in 1958, his debut coming on 15 October against Northern Ireland (6–2 friendly win in Madrid). "	" After working with the youth sides and spending two years with the under-21s, Santamaría was appointed manager of the full team for the 1982 World Cup, due to be played on home soil."	male
"Blume studied mathematics at Trinity College and pursued postgraduate study in finance at the University of Chicago, where he completed a master's degree and doctorate. "	" Blume was chief editor of the Journal of Finance from 1977 to 1980, and also served as editor of the Journal of Financial Economics, The Journal of Portfolio Management, and The Journal of Fixed Income."	male
"Ardzinba managed to consolidate his power relatively quickly and reneged on pre-election promises to increase the representation of Georgians in Abkhazia's autonomous structures; since then, Ardzinba tried to rule Abkhazia relatively single-handedly, but avoided, for the time being, overt conflict with the central authorities in Tbilisi. "	" However, Ardzinba created the Abkhazian National Guard that was mono-ethnically Abkhaz, and initiated a practice of replacing ethnic Georgians in leading positions with Abkhaz."	male
"He, along with his team, discovered natural antisense RNA. "	" Inouye was also a key scientist involved in the discovery and characterization of retrons, which are retroviral-like elements found in various bacterial genomes."	male
It's like he's had it – it ain't no fun no more. 	" The curse part of it is the business you have to deal with, and then the blessing part is you get to be a musician and have fun…"	male
In July 2007 he successfully completed the final part of the UEFA Pro Licence course and joined a group of only 111 coaches holding the game's top qualification. 	" Later in the 2004–05 season, Onuora became a coach and youth development officer at Swindon Town."	male
"Kujō no Kanezane writes in his diary Tamaha that Yoritomo's body is of rigorous power, and his fierce nature is accompanied with a clear distinction and firm resolution of the judgement of right and wrong. "	" Yoritomo practiced shudō with Yoshinao, a member of the Imperial Guard."	male
"Five years later, he was dismissed from the State Department after Joseph McCarthy accused him of being a Communist. "	 The former Foreign Service officer challenged the dismissal in court.	male
"In 1998, he was named principal conductor, and he became music director in 2004. "	" Solzhenitsyn stepped down as music director in 2010, and became conductor laureate."	male
"The son of a French wine importer and his German wife, Claude Dornier was born in Bavaria where he grew up and attended school, with science being his chief interest. "	" As a young engineer, Dornier first worked on strength calculations at the Nagel Engineering Works in Karlsruhe."	male
"At the University of Hull, he gained a BSc in Economics in 1954 during a two-year break from the Ministry of Power. "	 Dearing joined the civil service as a 16-year-old clerical officer in 1946.	male
"After his Athletics won the 1972 World Series, Williams again led them to victory in the 1973 Series over the New York Mets. "	" Nobody had ever won World Series as a manager in both leagues, thus ensuring that the winning manager of the 1984 Series would be the first to do so."	male
A Yonkers Police Department spokesperson said Jadakiss was one of four men sitting in a 2006 Toyota Camry that was parked near the intersection of Nepperhan Avenue and Elm Street in Yonkers at around 5 a.m. Saturday. 	 Officers said the vehicle's driver was behaving oddly and said they noticed a strong odor of marijuana while approaching the car.	male
After Antoine Arnauld's death in 1694 Quesnel was generally regarded as the leader of the Jansenist party; and his Réflexions morales sur le Nouveau Testament played almost as large a part in its literature as Jansen's Augustinus itself. 	" As its title betokens, Quesnel's book was a devotional commentary on the New Testament, wherein Quesnel managed to explain the aims and ideals of the Jansenist party better than any earlier writer had done; and it accordingly became the chief object of Jesuit attack."	male
A recruitment target of approximately one thousand soldiers is desired to eventually form a 757-man battalion. 	 Soldier fallout usually occurs due to voluntary withdrawal or failure to meet training standards.	male
"A graduate of the École des Hautes Études Commerciales, he received his MBA from Columbia Business School where he was a Fulbright scholar. "	 Perraud was executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) of Schlumberger.	male
"After Oesch was released from prison in February 1948, he devoted himself to military history, researching and writing extensively on Finnish experiences in World War II. "	 Oesch was also one of the founders and chief editor of a popular magazine on World War II Finnish history.	male
"Whilst still hugely popular with both the club's fans and his own players, Bassett resigned from the club in June 1987, after chairman Sam Hammam attempted to insert a clause into Bassett's contract that would allow Hammam to veto Bassett's team selections. "	 Bassett's reign as Watford manager was short-lived.	male
The director produces the play in the way he envisages how it ought to be seen as he interprets what the playwright intended within the drama; he takes care of the effectiveness of the rehearsals of the actors; and coordinates the work of designers and technicians in the production. 	" The stage manager has to work with the director, and ascertain whether both the director's objectives and the perceptions of the stage designers are compatible and realistic."	male
"Robert Carson was portrayed in a numismatic roman à clef, The Coin Collectors (1997), by his friend and colleague the Belgian Pierre Bastien. "	" The chief curator was tall, with blond hair, and an angular face brightened by piercing eyes."	male
"On 10 March, in worsening weather and with his own supplies dwindling, Cherry-Garrard turned for home. "	" Atkinson would later write, I am satisfied that no other officer of the expedition could have done better."	male
"As of 2009, his total live tournament winnings exceed $2,300,000. "	 Fitoussi also works as an architect and plays the stock market.	male
"A few days later, the child is kidnapped by Gort and Hiller is also captured: both are taken to a derelict house where he encounters Salto (Hope). "	 It transpires that Hiller is a computer programmer who Salto had bribed to obtain details of the security system at a bank near Heathrow Airport.	male
"Under section 50(1) of the Police Force Ordinance, a police officer can apprehend (i.e. arrest) a person if he reasonably suspects the person being arrested is guilty of an offence. "	 Whether there is such a reasonable suspicion in a particular case is to be determined objectively by reference to facts and information which the arresting officer has at the time of the arrest.	male
"After his basic military service in 1975, he graduated at the Theresian Military Academy. "	" from 1988 to 1991, Commenda was the chief instructor of tactics at the National Defense Academy."	male
"Although Prichard was a contemporary of Potter's (he was about eleven years her junior and in his twenties when the incident took place), Potter's tailor is shown as a little old man in spectacles, with a pinched face, old crooked fingers, and the action of The Tailor of Gloucester takes place in the 18th century. "	" Potter sketched the Gloucester street where the tailor's shop stood as well as cottage interiors, crockery, and furniture."	male
"His loyal service earned him the governorships of Izu Province, Kozuke and a number of others in turn, as well as a number of other high government positions. "	" Yorimitsu served as commander of a regiment of the Imperial Guard, and as a secretary in the Ministry of War."	male
"The military background of Baasha is not explicit in the text, though he reportedly killed Nadab within the king's own military camp. "	 Which would indicate that Baasha was a soldier or officer in Nadab's army.	male
"According to Heller, he told Wright, Every dollar comes into Ruthless, I take twenty cents. "	 That's industry standard for a manager of my caliber.	male
"The final series of Superteams was duly won by 'Watersports' (a team representing swimming, water-skiing and diving) which was led by Olympic swimmer Robin Brew who excelled at running events and also in the gym tests, where the bar jump became his speciality. "	" The RAF officer then completed a successful first year in Superstars by becoming the last ever International champion, this time much more comfortably."	male
"LePointe, while riding a limousine with local health officials, is attacked by two infected crewmen who use a jackhammer through the vehicle door and drag the driver out to feed on him. "	" The other official and LePointe, forced to leave their driver behind, escape by driving in reverse."	male
"Although Strabo distinguished himself by achieving the highest offices a Roman knight could attain under Augustus and Tiberius, his place in history has been largely overshadowed by the infamy of his son Sejanus. "	" During a prefecture which lasted nearly 17 years, Sejanus introduced reforms to the Praetorians which helped shape the Guard into an integral and powerful branch of the Principate."	male
"Bore started his career as an attacking player, playing as a winger or a striker, before being converted into playing at right-back. "	 Bore now works as a Police Officer for Humberside Police.	male
"Pandey shot and wounded himself, and the members of the quarter-guard now obeyed orders. "	 Pandey and the jemander in command of the guard were subsequently court-martialed and executed.	male
Watson was frustrated by the number of children who committed a petty crime and faced him in his courtroom. 	" As a law official, the sheriff arrested the vagrant children and enrolled them in school."	male
Samoset learned some English from fishermen who came to fish off Monhegan Island and he knew most ship captains by name. 	" The Abenaki language is an Algonquian language related to the Massachusett language of the Nauset and Wampanoag people of the area around Plymouth Colony, and Samoset was visiting Wampanoag chief Massasoit at the time of the historic event."	male
"In November 2014, a resident of Accomack County, Virginia, produced video evidence that two workers in a van marked with a PETA logo had entered his property in a trailer park and taken his dog, who was then euthanized. "	" The trailer park's manager had contacted PETA after a group of residents moved out, leaving their dogs behind, which is why the workers were on the property."	male
"Pushing on with his battalion towards the Marne, his troops eventually took 1,500 prisoners and captured in excess of 30 field guns and machine guns. "	" Promoted to hauptmann (captain), Ravenstein was posted to the Imperial Guard as a battalion commander."	male
"During his career, he was a three-time MLB All-Star. "	" After retiring as a player, Kruk became a baseball analyst for ESPN."	male
"A founding member of Transparency International, he is on their advisory council and served as the first chairman of TI-Latin America. "	 MacLean-Abaroa has served as a consultant and advisor on governance and anti-corruption issues to different international organizations and governments.	male
"Using its ability to manipulate matter, he plans to transform this dying world from a volcanic wasteland back to its former splendour. "	 The alien scientist makes a gruesome revelation: Psyche derives its energy from the minds of intelligent beings.	male
Two years later Jallud assumed Gaddafi's remaining administrative and protocol duties to allow Gaddafi to devote his time to revolutionary theorizing. 	 Gaddafi remained commander in chief of the armed forces and effective head of state.	male
"By 1950, he was in charge of the Sierra Leone Organization Society. "	" After heading the departments of Health, Agriculture, and Forestry, Margai was elected chief minister in 1954."	male
"It is true that Mendeleev in 1892 became head of the Archive of Weights and Measures in Saint Petersburg, and evolved it into a government bureau the following year, but that institution was charged with standardising Russian trade weights and measuring instruments, not setting any production quality standards, Also, Mendeleev's 1865 doctoral dissertation was entitled A Discourse on the combination of alcohol and water, but it only discussed medical-strength alcohol concentrations over 70%, and he never wrote anything about vodka. "	 A number of places and objects are associated with the name and achievements of the scientist.	male
"Vladimir Teodorovich Spivakov (Russian: Влади́мир Теодо́рович Спивако́в) (born 12 September 1944 in Ufa), is a leading Soviet and Russian conductor and violinist best known for his work with the Moscow Virtuosi chamber orchestra. "	" At the age of 13, Spivakov was awarded the first prize at the major conductor contest in Moscow."	male
"He sees the only possible resolution of the paradox as lying in the embrace of quantum logic, which he believes is not inconsistent. "	 This from a physicist's point of view is the meaning of the empirical nature of these laws.	male
A cunning forest officer denies that the tiger entered his range and sketches a plan to capture it and sell it to buyers. 	" The reason why the forest officer planned to capture Thumbaa is because it does not have the tracker, whereas all other tigers in the forest are being monitored."	male
Per's father Hauk Aabel played the starring role as Jeppe; it has been extremely unusual in Norwegian cinema for a son to direct a film with his father in a leading role. 	 Jeppe is a poor farmer who drinks too much.	male
His gallantry had enabled his comrades to overcome twice their own number of the enemy. 	 Donnini at 19 was the youngest soldier in the Second World War to be awarded the VC.	male
"Governor King recommended he take the office permanently despite his inebriate habits, for no other person in the colony was at all equal to that office and the salary, then about (Pounds)350 with the benefit of several assigned servants and land grants, was insufficient inducement. "	 Atkins remained the colony's principal legal officer for years.	male
Davies admits that this was a bit of a lame idea and decided that Jack never looked better than when he was in his World War II outfit. 	" From the pilot of Torchwood onwards, Harkness once again wears period military clothes from the second World War, including braces and an officer's wool greatcoat in every appearance."	male
"The commander of the prize, Lieutenant Falkiner, had a good deal of trouble from the restive Americans, who outnumbered his own men. "	" The rest of the American crew were rendered docile by the expedient of a carpenter cutting scuttles (holes) in the maindeck through which two 18-pounder cannon, loaded with grapeshot, were pointed at them."	male
"Mashburn, who averaged 20.8 points per game in 2003–04, is one of only six players since 1970 to have averaged at least 20 points per game in his final NBA season. "	" Since retiring from basketball, Mashburn has worked for ESPN as an analyst and launched a number of successful business ventures."	male
"He worked on sessions for Fleetwood Mac, T.Rex, Yes, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Petula Clark, Jerry Lee Lewis and Osibisa. "	" Rushent progressed to senior assistant engineer, staff engineer, and eventually head engineer."	male
"Mavety returned to Kingston in 1997 to become the head coach once again, and stayed in that position until midway through the 2002–03 season when he stepped down to focus on his general manager duties. "	 Mavety remained as the general manager until the end of the 2010–11 season.	male
"Gambill has also raised money for his long-time friend Sir Elton John's charity, the Elton John AIDS Foundation. "	 Gambill's high-profile career as a professional athlete has evolved into coaching world-class tennis players as well as being an international analyst for BeIn sports.	male
The driver saw Duggan move onto the road in front of him. 	" The car swerved from the inside lane to the outside, but the driver said Duggan leapt in front of the car, arms raised and mouth open."	male
Tinhead was elated by his success and eager for another heist. 	" Towards the end of the series, Tinhead worked as a limousine driver."	male
He is currently chief executive of the Queensland Resources Council. 	" Macfarlane was born in Kingaroy, Queensland, and was a farmer and president of the Queensland Graingrowers Association before entering politics."	male
"On 15 June 2008, Nikopolidis announced his retirement from international football after Euro 2008, claiming that he had made this decision before the tournament started, and also stating that it is about time for a major change in the Greek national squad. "	" After retirement, Nikopolidis became the assistant manager of Olympiacos in 2012."	male
"In 1988, he was appointed manager of Huddersfield Town and remained there until 1992. "	 Hand began working with the FAI in 1999 as a career guidance officer.	male
"The Penguin underwent change for the series; his appearance was remodeled after the version seen in Batman Returns, which was in production simultaneously with the series' first season. "	" Freeze, who was changed from a gimmicky mad scientist to a tragic figure whose frigid exterior [hid] a doomed love and vindictive fury."	male
"In September, Spears again showed that he was not afraid to speak his mind. "	" Spears confronted Franchet d'Esperey's chief-of-staff for an apology, which was duly given."	male
"Once the ruffian shoots his air gun, scoring a direct hit on Holmes's dummy across the street, Holmes and Watson are on him, and he is soon disarmed and restrained. "	" They are led by Inspector Lestrade, who arrests the gunman."	male
"Finally he encounters a derelict street musician, the first and only instance in the cycle in which another character is present. "	" The mysterious and ominous nature of the musician, along with the question posed in the last lines, leave the fate of the wanderer open to interpretation."	male
"On March 9, 2018, he announced he was leaving BioWare once again to pursue his independent work. "	 Karpyshyn was at one point employed as a loan officer.	male
"By age 8, he played in weekly baseball tournaments in Santo Domingo. "	" Soriano would sometimes perform chores for the team's manager, who would then pay for the trip."	male
"As a coup de grâce, Tyrell kills the last surviving Echo and explains that Dr Tucker was taken for a reason: she has been genetically changed in order to become half-human, half-nD, an overseer for the nDs' latest crop – humanity. "	 The previously escaped NATO officer is running amok in the countryside.	female
A few weeks later she was given a major spread in an article about the newly formed Women's Auxiliary Army Corps. 	 The image of a WAAC officer candidate (at right) comes from this shoot.	female
"At the time of her resignation in 2005, after HP had acquired several other companies, HP had about 150,000 employees. "	 HP's revenue doubled and the rate of patent filings increased due to mergers with Compaq and other companies during Fiorina's stint as CEO.	female
Cao's first international debut was at the 2003 World Wushu Championships where she was the world champion in women's changquan. 	" Around this time, Cao became the coach of the Shandong Wushu Team."	female
"Instead, she has been perceived as a COO who avoids engaging in this crisis. "	" Sandberg, the architect of the business model that is now the subject of so much scrutiny, has remained silent in public."	female
"Shortly after midnight, a westbound driver drifted out of lane; she was later ruled to have been legally drunk at the time. "	 The driver got out to inspect the damage.	female
"In her later years, and like many big soprano voices, Rysanek reverted to dramatic mezzo-soprano roles like Herodias in Salome, Klytemnestra in Elektra and the Kostelnička in Janáček's Jenůfa. "	" Work (composer), role, conductor, year of recording, label."	female
"She also agreed to pay the maximum penalty of three times the losses she avoided, or $195,000. "	" Bacanovic agreed to pay penalties totaling about $75,000, and was barred associating with a broker, dealer or investment adviser."	female
"In 1982, Taxman attended the Rutgers University again to complete her Doctor of Philosophy and earn her Ph.D. title. "	" Taxman commenced work in 1977 as a Research Analyst for the Police Foundation, a non-profit organisation in many cities and states around the United States."	female
It was the first time in the history of the race that a female had driven the winner. 	" Subsequently, the driver was given a two-week suspension and $1000 fine for Excessive use of whip."	female
"In 1917, Shouse was able to utilize experience acquired through her undergraduate and her prior activist activities. "	 Shouse was hired as the assistant to the chief.	female
"From 1992 to 1998 she was a visiting associate professor of the Department of Surgery, Keio University School of Medicine, Tokyo, and in 1999 was promoted to a visiting professor of the university. "	 Mukai was assigned the deputy mission scientist for STS-107.	female
"She received a Juris Doctor degree from Northeastern University School of Law in Boston in 1983, where she founded the Boston Lesbian/Gay Political Alliance, a non-partisan political organization that interviews and endorses candidates for political office and advocates for Boston's gay community. "	" Vaid is CEO of the Vaid Group LLC, which works with social justice innovators, movements and organizations to address structural inequalities based on sexual orientation, gender identity, race, gender and economic status."	female
"As the first female chief minister of West Bengal, one of her first decisions was to return 400 acres of land to Singur farmers. "	" The cabinet has decided to return 400 acres to unwilling farmers in Singur, the chief minister said."	female
Kyriakopoulou received two Principal's Collection Prize for two of her papers in Oxford; One was for her econometric paper and the second was for her microeconomics paper. 	 Kyriakopoulou went on to work for the Bank of Greece in 2013 as an Economist.	female
She appointed to the board women of independent means who could work for the movement full-time. 	" Catt described the NAWSA as a camel with a hundred humps, each with a blind driver trying to lead the way."	female
Harrower had an injury in 2012 to her Achilles and could not run on it for a while. 	 Harrower is a guard.	female
"Later that month she rejoined TF 58 for raids on Palau, Yap, Ulithi and Woleai from 30 March to 1 April; support of the Hollandia operation in New Guinea on 21 April and 22; and a repeat raid on Truk from 29 April to 1 May. "	" During the invasion of Guam Dortch patrolled west of the island as life guard and fighter director ship, as well as screening the carriers that provided air support for the troops ashore."	female
"She was the moderator and managing editor of Washington Week and co-anchor and co-managing editor, with Judy Woodruff, of the PBS NewsHour, both of which air on PBS. "	 Ifill was a political analyst and moderated the 2004 and 2008 vice-presidential debates.	female
"Following her graduation from Tufts University, she got a Wildlife Health Fellowship from the Wildlife Conservation Society to study orangutans in Sabah, Malaysia. "	" Between 1996 from 1998, Kilbourn helped to guard and relocate free-ranging elephants and orangutans and to protect the 30 remaining Sumatran rhinoceros."	female
"In Chicago, Jane Addams and her fellow members of Hull House endeavoured to clean up the mishandled waste in their area but their efforts were obstructed by the local council. "	 The council handled the issue by giving Addams the position of garbage inspector of the ward on a salary of one thousand dollars per year.	female
"The Know-Nothing spirit, which had but a short time previously led to the Philadelphia riots was still rampant, and the sisters had much to suffer from bigotry and difficulties of many kinds. "	" Shortly afterwards they were given charge of several parochial schools, and thus entered on what was to be their chief work in the coming years."	female
"In 2015, she was the Commander for NASA's HERA : Human Exploration and Research Analog (HERA) VII at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, a 14-day analog mission to an asteroid Geographos. "	 Patil-Sabale graduated from the PoSSUM (Polar Suborbital Science in the Upper Mesosphere) Scientist-Astronaut program in 2016.	female
"During the height of its industrial prowess Holyoke was a regular stop on Vaudeville circuits, with its most famous actress, Eva Tanguay, known as The Girl Who Made Vaudeville Famous. "	" Tanguay was soon discovered by a Pennsylvania touring company, and went on to become the first American popular musician to achieve mass-media celebrity."	female
"Bush administration, then-Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole recruited her for the Department of Labor. "	" Dominguez served as Assistant Secretary for Employment Standards, Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) and Architect of the Labor Department's Glass Ceiling Initiative."	female
Lale Akgün's Turkish family moved to Germany when she was 9. 	 Akgün then served in the Cologne city administration in juvenile welfare services/family consultation as the deputy agency chief.	female
She is the only speaker in the Conference's 10-year history to be invited to speak more than once. 	 Hatchett has appeared on numerous media outlets as a guest commentator and legal analyst on national issues.	female
"Officer was 15 years old when she was playing in the Highlander Curling Club in Winnipeg, Manitoba. "	" I was a bit star-struck, Officer said."	female
"On May 30, 1999, Police Officer Tiffany Hickey died six days after she sustained injuries in a motor vehicle collision during pursuit of a suspect. "	" Officer Hickey radioed dispatch to notify them of the chase but, due to an antiquated radio system, dispatch never heard the call because another officer was transmitting."	female
"In her poem Citizens of Japan, A Morning Song published in June 1932, Yosano embraced Bushido as she praised a Japanese soldier for dying for the Emperor at the First Battle of Shanghai as she described how the soldier scatters his body when he is blown apart as a human bomb. "	" Yosano called the scattered body of the soldier purer than a flower, giving life to a samurai's honor."	female
"Following her forced resignation from HP, several commentators ranked Fiorina as one of the worst American (or tech) CEOs of all time. "	" During Fiorina's tenure as CEO, HP leased or purchased five planes, including two Gulfstream IVs, to replace four aging aircraft, only one of which had the range to fly overseas."	female
She has also worked at the highest level in the Treasury at the Chambers of Commerce in Kraków. 	 Marianowska possesses the best of qualifications and is a proficient manager.	female
"The writers have cleverly embraced the gap Mags left behind; instead of trying to replace her directly, they've used her absence to create the sense of a town on the precipice of a crime war. "	" This week's episode, however, reminds us that Mags was never truly the chief villain of Justified to begin with."	female
"After receiving her doctorate, she continued to teach at the Saint Petersburg University of the Ministry of Interior of Russia. "	" After graduating, Fedorova worked as an inspector in Pskov for six months."	female
"In 1992, she was named the project scientist of the Shuttle-Mir Program (STS-60, STS-63, STS-71, Mir 18, Mir 19), and served in this capacity until the conclusion of the Phase 1A Program in 1995. "	" From 1993 through 1996, Whitson held the additional responsibilities of the deputy division chief of the Medical Sciences Division at NASA-JSC."	female
"Pastore started her career at the University of Oxford as a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Biochemistry, working alongside Iain Donald Campbell. "	 Pastore was subsequently appointed a staff scientist position at European Molecular Biology Laboratory in 1988.	female
"On 13 May 1944, Rowden together with three other captured female SOE agents, Andrée Borrel, Vera Leigh and Sonia Olschanezky, were moved from Fresnes to the Avenue Foch along with four other women whose names were Yolande Beekman, Madeleine Damerment, Eliane Plewman and Odette Sansom, all of whom were F Section agents. "	" Later that day they were taken to the railway station, and each handcuffed to a guard upon alighting the train."	female
"In 1976 she was promoted to Manager of Children's Programs by Margaret Loesch, then Director of Children's Programs. "	" Animation in 1980, and eventually became a vice president and general manager."	female
Sunny then defected to the Gunns' side because she only wanted to manage champions. 	" Meanwhile, the Bodydonnas announced that they were searching for a new manager."	female
Officer Hickey remained in serious condition before succumbing to her injuries. 	 Officer Hickey had served with the agency for only 1 month.	female
"To the amusement of many, this year an artist had a painting in the parade showing a naked female bicyclist next to a baton-wielding police officer. "	 The panel was put on a small platform on wheels and parade goers were invited to have their pictures taken with their heads poking out of the holes of the naked bicyclists and the officer.	female
Hsieh began her law enforcement career after her husband died of cancer. 	" Hsieh was subsequently assigned to Jingmei Precinct first as deputy chief, and later first division chief."	female
"During her 14-year tenure, she implemented mergers of county departments, vetoed borrowing for jail construction and ended Dane County's practice of sending its inmates to other counties for incarceration. "	" Falk enlarged the county sheriff's department by adding 134 new positions, opened a juvenile justice facility, and launched a community-based initiative aimed at gang prevention."	female
"She is married to Martin Cullberg, a Swedish defense lawyer, and they have two daughters: Olivia, born 2009, and Cecilia, born 2013. "	" After attending a musical kindergarten, Brava began studying the violin at the age of five, under the guidance of Géza Szilvay, the developer of the Colourstrings method."	female
She also finished 17th in the two-woman event at the 2005 FIBT World Championships in Calgary. 	 Gavine-Hlady also was awarded the track and field award for most improved coach.	female
She clerked for Justice Alan B. Handler of the New Jersey Supreme Court and has taught at University of Washington since 1996. 	" As of 2011, Ramasastry is a senior advisor in the International Trade Administration at the US Dept."	female
"She studied at the Cathedral and John Connon School in Mumbai and was head girl for the academic year 1992–93 before heading to Tufts University in United States to study Bio-genetic engineering, which she studied for two years, and eventually switching to Economics. "	 Patel's career began as an economic analyst at Khandwala Securities Limited after graduation.	female
There she founded the Waco Women's Press Club in 1894. 	" During World War I, Dromgoole was a warrant officer in the United States Naval Reserve."	female
"Despite her forensic skills, Monge's main work actually focuses on several topics including the preservation and accessibility of Computed Topography (CT) datasets, traditional radiology, human dental micro-anatomy, and production and distribution of high quality fossil casts. "	" As the Associate Director and Manager of the Casting Program, Monge oversees 3000 molds and casts representing fossils from every phase of human evolution."	female
Faces was founded in 1997 by three participants in the first wave of net art  	" Initially, Huffman and McCarty served as co-moderators and Djordjevic as technical advisor."	female
The farmer is paid against her declared payment entitlements that are each matched against an eligible hectare of declared land ('activated for payment'). 	 A farmer holds 102.00 payment entitlements.	female
After her hockey career she completed a master's degree in Sport and Exercise Psychology and her doctorate in coaching expertise development from the University of Victoria. 	" Planella has worked at the National Coaching Institute and Canadian National Sport Centre, in performance psychology as an educator and strategist, performance analyst and coaching effectiveness researcher."	female
In 1996 she was selected for astronaut training by NASA. 	 Cagle is also an advisor for NASA's Flight Opportunities Program (originally named CRuSR – Commercial Reusable Suborbital Research Program).	female
"Williams put much effort into working with youth choirs to perform her works, including Mary Lou's Mass at St. "	 It marked the first time a jazz musician had played at the church.	female
Jean Schmidt knew that those complaints and those allegations had no merit when she mailed the letter. 	" Schmidt was struck by a hit and run driver while jogging, and was diagnosed with two broken ribs and two fractured vertebrae."	female
"Additionally, she served as Chief of Staff to the Global Consumer Group CEO, where she worked with senior managers to develop and implement strategies to expand the business and coordinate business activities across the Global Consumer Group as well as across other Citi businesses. "	" At the request of the Citi CEO, Caputo also developed a strategic plan and organizational structure for the Citi Foundation to focus the company's philanthropic giving."	female
"Ursula, Lady Walsingham, continued to live at Barn Elms with a staff of servants until her death in 1602. "	" Protestants lauded Walsingham as a sound pillar of our commonwealth and chief patron of virtue, learning and chivalry."	female
"Utada made the majority of the album alone, saying she 'locked herself away'. "	" I was like a mad scientist working away in an underground laboratory, going on to say I had the time of my life but it was a very intense, introverted process."	female
She was succeeded by her deputy Filippo Grandi. 	 AbuZayd worked as chief of mission for United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Sarajevo during the Bosnian War.	female
"She was educated at the University of Otago, where she graduated with a BA in languages and a Bachelor of Music (honours). "	 Marillier taught music at the high school and university levels and has also served as a choral conductor and opera singer.	female
"After graduating college in 1979, she became involved in punk culture via collage art, color xerox postcards and mail art. "	" Kossy eventually became a computer programmer, but also published zines because Publishing is power, pure and simple, and turned author and folklorist."	female
"Of Chrystal, Ogilvie has said: I was blown away by her personality, her voice, and the fact that she's a piano player. "	" I was dying to have someone to collaborate with, who actually is a musician and not just a singer."	female
"She began calling herself Anna Tschaikovsky, choosing Anna as a short form of Anastasia, although Peuthert described her everywhere as Anastasia. "	" Tschaikovsky stayed in the houses of acquaintances, including Kleist, Peuthert, a poor working-class family called Bachmann, and at Inspector Grünberg's estate at Funkenmühle, near Zossen."	female
"However, Trainer's response was that she was not going to pay for it (giving as one reason that she had no input in hiring the firm) and that all of council should take the training and that she had not decided if she would undertake the training if council would not join her (Best 2005f). "	 This behaviour clearly indicates a lack of competence as a manager and a definite lack of the required supervisory skills necessary to properly address the concerns identified.	female
Knapp's parents divorced when she was three and she spent an unhappy childhood with her remarried father until leaving home at 18. 	" As a classically trained musician Knapp played trumpet in high school, and attended Pittsburg State University on a music scholarship."	female
"On 25 March 2017, Kam Dhillon reported a yet-to-be completed skyscraper design designed by Hadid prior to her death in 2016 in an article titled Zaha Hadid Architects Unveils Monumental Skyscraper Project for NYC. "	" A futuristic building, faithful to the imprint of the architect, which should host the biggest cultural events of the Moroccan capital."	female
Murillo played for four different teams in Honduras until her retirement in the 90s. 	" Later, Murillo worked for the Inter-American Development Bank as a producer and developer of reports and research."	female
"1] She received 49 votes (0.12%), finishing sixth against Conservative candidate Steven Fletcher. "	 Sidon was an overhead door mechanic in the Transcona region of Winnipeg at the time of the election.	female
"Before qualifying for the 1997 World Junior Curling Championships, she was never very interested in the sport. "	 Jentsch is employed as a soldier athlete.	female
"She graduated from University of California, Davis with a Bachelor's degree in International Relations and French. "	" Dixson-Declѐve has previously been an advisor to members of the European Parliament, European Commission Presidents, and governments around the world."	female
In 1989 she was inducted into the Swedish Curling Hall of Fame. 	" Apart from curling, Norberg was chief actuary at Nordea, and led a division at Folksam."	female
She won the first of her state prizes in 1950 for this work. 	 Feoktistov became a laboratory chief in 1952.	female
"Morissette (as the driver) gets out of the car, and all her passengers have disappeared. "	" The driver in a red knit beanie was the one in control, the responsible one."	female
"When I asked the artist about the green spaces in this mural, she told me that these were parks. "	 From there all my education was directed towards becoming a landscape architect.	female
	 The award is given to “significant contributions to the geophysical sciences by an outstanding early career scientist.”	female
"Her last match for the USA was on November 5, 2008, against the Korea Republic. "	 Scurry was appointed general manager of the WPS franchise magicJack beginning with the 2011 season.	female
"Her mother Leslie, was a sports enthusiast and was trying to get Officer involved in many areas of sports. "	" Officer took figure skating lessons, played soccer, gymnastics, and baton twirling."	female
They served as the Human Rights Campaign's National Coming Out Project Spokesperson for 1995 and was named one of Esquire's Women We Love and Women of the Year for Ms. magazine. 	" They are currently the Senior Manager of the Human Rights Campaign's Youth & Campus Outreach, as well as the Human Rights Campaign's HRC University Internship Program coordinator."	female
"In 1982 she served at the Agency for International Development (USAID) based in Lima, where she was a consultant until 1987. "	 Karp also served as an officer for Middle East in European Investment Bank.	female
"In late 2011, the online chatbox provider XChat filed a lawsuit after a developer published a copy of the source code to her server emulator. "	 The suit was later dropped as the developer had not infringed copyright.	female
"Hala Moddelmog (born January 3, 1956) became the first female president and CEO of the Metro Atlanta Chamber (MAC) in January 2014 following a career in the corporate and non-profit sectors. "	 Moddelmog has 19 years of career experience in president and CEO roles.	female
Corrales moved to the United States to attend the University of Washington where she received her bachelor’s in economics. 	 Corrales previously served as chief operating officer and chief financial officer at Nest.	female
"Flinn's case, due in part to her high visibility in Air Force recruitment advertisements, drew national attention, eventually creating a media circus. "	" This is an issue about an officer, entrusted to fly nuclear weapons, who lied."	female
"In 1977, she founded LaNier and Company, a real estate brokerage company. "	" For over 30 years, LaNier has worked as a professional real estate broker."	female
"Thursday agreed to retrieve Schitt, only for Schitt-Hawse to subsequently imprison her, intending to study her bookjumping ability in order to open up new potential markets for the Goliath Corporation within fiction. "	" Schitt-Hawse reappeared briefly in Something Rotten, when Thursday visited the CEO of the Goliath Corporation during a board meeting."	female
"Born in Bedford, Beardsmore attended the independent Dame Alice Harpur School in her hometown, then studied for a BA in English and Politics at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and also went to Luton College of Higher Education. "	 Beardsmore joined the BBC in 1977 as secretary to the Manager of Operations and later as a production assistant.	female
"After completing one year of training, she was assigned to work on the Mobile Servicing System. "	 Payette served as chief astronaut for the Canadian Space Agency from 2000 to 2007.	female
"Grace is a work of art herself, as are the covers for Island Life, Slave to the Rhythm and Living My Life, but best of all is the louche image of Nightclubbing by Jean-Paul Goude, part Tretchikoff's Green Lady, part the best advert for smoking you've ever seen. "	" According to i-D, it was a series of consistently stellar album artwork that helped propel [the singer] from musician to icon."	female
"See Electoral results for the Division of Phillip#Elections in the 1980s) She was again the Democrat candidate when then Prime Minister Bob Hawke called a double dissolution election in 1984, and improved her vote, gaining 5.5%. "	 Sowada served as the Democrat campaign manager for the 1988 NSW State election and the 1990 federal election.	female
A Detroit police officer alleged that LeDuff's stories asserted that she moonlighted as a stripper and danced at a never-proven party at the Detroit mayor's mansion. 	 The officer denied both accusations.	female
"After the 2002 elections, she remained Vice Chancellor on a provisional basis until the coalition between ÖVP and FPÖ was renewed in early 2003, and has since had no involvement in politics. "	" Since 2004, Riess-Passer has been the CEO of the Wüstenrot-Gruppe."	female
"Iggwilv's conquest of Perrenland was complete by 481 CY[when?], and she held a firm grip on that nation until 491 CY, when Graz'zt escaped her control. "	 Iggwilv was caught off guard when Tsojcanth fought back for the first time in years.	female
"One of the most dangerous species of scorpion, the Deathstalker (Leiurus quinquestriatus) resides in North Africa, and its sting may kill, so Serket was considered a highly important goddess, and sometimes she was considered by pharaohs to be their patron. "	" As the protector against venom and snakebite, Serket often was said to protect the deities from Apep, the great snake-demon of evil, sometimes being depicted as the guard when Apep was captured."	female
"She herself however was 'one of the most successful teachers in the history of psychoanalysis ... her seminars were remarkable experiences for students, and her classes were remembered as spectacles'. "	" Deutsch was a very esteemed and beloved training analyst and supervisor, whose seminars, based on case studies, were known to often run into the early morning hours."	female
"She reported that she briefed no go-around because no takeoffs were authorized on the runway at night or in IMC conditions; however, the first officer knew this was incorrect, but did not challenge the captain. "	 The captain said the first officer was passive and quiet.	female
"During her tenure, Radisich successfully lobbied to prevent the Australian Federal Communications Minister from extending the Do Not Call Register to business numbers. "	 Radisich demonstrated a solid track record of working with the private sector as CEO of COSBOA.	female
"While flying a P-59 jet fighter during gunnery training, she witnessed tracer rounds coming within feet of the aircraft's nose. "	 The job of a test engineer was a dangerous one.	female
"Lady Rosebery owned large investments in North America, including ranches in Texas and mines in Montana. "	 The newspaper went on to describe Rosebery as looking like a prosperous farmer.	female
"While in 1799, it is the father (Fenwick) who is the enlightened soul and his male friends are also scientists (Armstrong, the physician, and Roget, the to-be-author of the thesaurus), his wife (Susannah) is a stereotypical wife of the time and their two daughters (Maria and Harriet) are expected to be such, too. "	 The decision of one of them to become a scientist leads to disapproval.	female
The Vital Voices Global Leadership Network connects thousands of women leaders who have participated in Vital Voices conferences and training programs around the globe. 	 Verveer served as Chair of the Board and Co-CEO until early 2009.	female
"From there she attended the Victoria University of Manchester where she studied medicine, one of the earliest female doctors to be trained there. "	" Schill had a long career as a practising physician, as a general practitioner, medical officer for a number of educational establishments and as a psychiatrist."	female
"In November 2009, a Prison Officer from HMYOI Aylesbury was jailed after it emerged that she had become pregnant after having a sexual relationship with an inmate. "	 The Prison Officer was also convicted of smuggling three mobile phones into HMYOI Aylesbury.	female
"In an interview addressing the move, she states Whereas MALDEF at the macro, systemic change level, CCF is about the micro, one community, one county. "	" As CEO, Hernández has helped the CCF increase its assets to over $1 billion, allowing for greater service opportunities and innovative programs to reach more Los Angelenos, especially those who are of color, low income, and immigrants."	female
Googe is known for her raucous style of bass playing in MBV's live performances. 	" After leaving MBV in 1995, Googe briefly became a taxi driver."	female
"Manchu Princess, Japanese Spy: The Story of Kawashima Yoshiko, the Cross-Dressing Spy Who Commanded Her Own Army is a 2015 book by Phyllis Birnbaum, published by Columbia University Press. "	" According to the author, the reputation of Kawashima being a soldier and spy was likely inflated."	female
"Titre returned to EA Games in 2013, where she worked on Dance Central 3 and The Sims 4. "	" Around 2015, Titre started working as the manager of the art and computer animation department for Ubisoft."	female
"The first woman to hold the rank of chief constable was Pauline Clare, appointed Chief Constable of the Lancashire Constabulary on 14 June 1995. "	 The population of areas for which chief constables are responsible varies from a few hundred thousand to two or three million and it is commonplace for chief constables for larger force areas to be drawn from the chief constables of smaller forces.	female
"Her specialist subject was the children's books of Roald Dahl, and she came 2nd in the show. "	 Nemone is an accomplished musician.	female
"On the night of October 26, 1966, Mary was awakened by the sounds of a commotion outside her house. "	 Partington called the sheriff but no law enforcement came.	female
"Severian, who believes this is an indirect means for the Autarch to execute him for his crime, is forced to accept, and he departs with the sister, Agia, to secure an avern, a deadly plant used for dueling. "	" While on their way, urged by Agia's bet to a passing fiacre, their driver crashes into and destroys the altar of a religious order, where Agia is accused of stealing a precious artifact."	female
"Bassingthwaighte joined the cast of Neighbours in 2003, in her first full-time television role. "	" Bassingthwaighte told The Age, I said to my manager, no way."	female
She tends to accidentally break things by crushing them. 	 Sakakibara is the Manager of Human Resources at the Good Trading Company.	female
"She also holds an S.M. in building technology from MIT, and an M.A. in journalism from Syracuse University's S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications. "	" At Architect Magazine, Lau writes and edits technology-driven stories, and oversees the publication's R+D Awards."	female
"With the involvement of her high school music department, Paulini was also a participant in Sydney's annual Schools Spectacular variety show. "	" After leaving high school, Paulini worked in a retail clothing store and became a full-time musician."	female
"In 2018, Chando made her directorial debut with her short film LPM, Likes Per Minute. "	" It screened at the inaugural Mammoth Film Festival, where Chando also serves as an operations manager."	female
Geske earned her J.D. degree from the Marquette University Law School in 1975. 	 Geske worked as chief staff attorney for the Legal Aid Society of Milwaukee until 1979.	female
She joined her school's choir club and broadcast theater club to hone her vocal skills. 	" After deciding to pursue a career as a musician, Halca considered various singing auditions."	female
"In 2016, she was elected as Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences. "	 Kattumuri is actively engaged in charitable activities as advisor and committee member with several global non-governmental organisations.	female
"Fearing that Erythrina succumbed to temptation for power, Pollack visits her "	" The elderly Charteris, an early military computer programmer, reveals that the Mailman was not an extraterrestrial, but a National Security Agency AI research project to protect government systems."	female
"She graduated from Beşikdüzü High School of Education at 1978, and moved to Istanbul with her family right after, where she studied architecture in Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University and graduated in 1978. "	" After graduating from university, Aktas worked as an architect, media consultant and journalist."	female
"In 1209, William I of Scotland sent his daughters Margaret and Isobel to John as hostages to keep peace between Scotland and England, and they were also imprisoned at Corfe Castle along with Eleanor. "	 They were sometimes allowed to ride out under the strictest guard.	female
"In 1989, when she was first approached by Bendon to promote their lingerie in Australia, Macpherson saw an opportunity to reverse their strategy and suggested a licensing arrangement, with products bearing her name and designs created in partnership with Bendon's team. "	" Macpherson took a significant role in the development and management of the company, serving as chief marketing officer and later Creative Director."	female
"Kelleher also site managed Intel's Rio Rancho, New Mexico Fab 11X fabrication facility for a period before finally moving to Portland, Oregon in 2015 where she lives as of 2018. "	 Kelleher was general manager of the Fab/Sort Manufacturing organisation.	female
"In 1999, she defended her PhD dissertation, titled State Regulation of the tax system, at the Kyiv National Economic University and received a Ph.D. in Economics. "	 Tymoshenko has worked as a practicing economist and academic.	female
"The court was told that during the period in question, Christian had two girlfriends of legal age. "	 One was a pest control officer who came to Pitcairn to rid the island of rats.	female
"Following the Quackenbush events and the term of the acting commissioner (during which period Ossias was assigned only minor cases, thereby appeasing insurers allegedly lobbying for her termination), John Garamendi was reelected Insurance Commissioner. "	" Under Garamendi, Ossias served as lead counsel/project manager in CDI's case involving the claims and business practices of the nation's largest disability income insurance holding company, UnumProvident Corp."	female
In 1980 she was commissioned as an Engineer Officer through the Ohio Army Guard's Officer Candidate School. 	" Ashenhurst commanded and held staff officer assignments from battalion, company, brigade, and Joint Force Headquarters."	female
"She was born in Vinstra, Nord-Fron, Oppland, and worked as a journalist in her early career. "	" Berget was private advisor to the Prime Minister 1990 – 1991, and Minister of Children and Family Affairs 1991 – 1996."	female
"Wedderburn continued her antisubmarine vigil while the carriers she protected launched their aircraft first against Okinawa, then Formosa, and finally Philippine targets, striking enemy air bases on Luzon and the Visayas to give the United States dominance in the air over Leyte when the invasion began on 20 October. "	 Wedderburn continued to guard the fast carriers while they operated off the northeastern shore of Luzon providing distant air support for the Leyte invasion.	female
"During her tenure at Amazon, Heineman was, in addition to her technological role, also the Transgender Chair of Amazon's LGBTQ+ group, known as Glamazon. "	" At Olde Sküül, Heineman acts as CEO."	female
"Before becoming Ukraine's first female prime minister in 2005, Tymoshenko co-led the Orange Revolution. "	" After graduating from the Dnipropetrovsk State University in 1984, Tymoshenko worked as an engineer-economist in the Dnipro Machine-Building Plant (which produced missiles) in Dnipropetrovsk until 1988."	female
"In May 2013 she was named weekend news anchor, and has hosted Israel's most viewed TV news broadcast since. "	" Weiss has also hosted the weekday evening news and other shows, and is currently the station's chief political analyst."	female
"Later, she received a Doctor of Philosophy in International Health Studies from Queen Margaret University, in Edinburgh, Scotland. "	 Ssali is an experienced social scientist with a long track record in the field stretching back to the late 1990s.	female
"During her tenure, the company's sales grew 80%. "	" Nooyi served as CEO for 12 years, 7 years longer than the average CEO tenure at large companies according to an Equilar study."	female
"But Rocky is terrible to Tib, even ridiculing her in front of friends! "	 Eventually Tib meets a kind & handsome soldier while ice skating and they fall in love.	female
"On March 8, 2017, during an International Women's Day panel discussion on ABC Local Radio, Wriedt clarified that she was not a member of any political party, saying that after she retired from Parliament in 2009 she “did not receive a membership renewal form from the ALP, which I took as a message that I was no longer welcome”. "	 Wriedt was appointed executive officer of Cystic Fibrosis Tasmania in 2010.	female
"After completing her education, she worked at the BBC World Service covering French and Italian news. "	" Wroe began working at The Economist, the weekly news magazine, in 1976."	female
Pornthip is very proud of her work and that it ensures her a place in heaven. 	" Graduating from the Faculty of Medicine, Mahidol University, in 1979, Pornthip became a medical officer in the Ministry of Public Health."	female
"She spent a year teaching and writing in Prague (providing the germ of her book of essays Time's Magpie, which explores her favorite places within the city), then moved to Brooklyn, New York, where she still lives with her husband (Jason Little) and two daughters. "	 Goldberg is an accomplished amateur musician.	female
"After receiving her MFA, Guzman returned to Apple and worked there for five years on projects including FaceTime, iMessage, and additional emoji sets. "	" As of 2020 Guzman is the CEO and founder of Tijiko, a company centered on digital coaching."	female
Whilst at university she became involved in student politics and was elected as the environment officer for the University of Melbourne Student Union in 2007. 	 Sandell worked for the Australian Youth Climate Coalition (AYCC) between 2009 and 2012 serving as general manager before becoming the group's National Director.	female
"She has worked in a range of scientific and environmental management roles in addition to her Antarctic roles, including environment negotiator for New Zealand free trade agreements, and establishment unit convenor for the Crop and Food Research Institute. "	" Notably, Wratt was chief executive of the not for profit Cawthron Institute during 2006–2012."	female
"Dr. Mathur has a teaching experience of more than 16 years, she started her career as an assistant professor in 2003 at Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi. "	 Dr. Mathur is a very proactive Scientist and has been into various extramural and administrative activities.	female
"Spending two years at the club, she helped the club to two 3rd-place finishes in the league while being the team's top goal scorer for both seasons. "	" After an invitation from then coach A. Abate, Abera joined Dedebit F.C."	female
She is married and has been a medical doctor since 2009. 	 Rottländer is currently chief resident in internal medicine at a hospital in Switzerland.	female
Mmanthatisi then decided to disengage her army and retreated with her hordes to the east. 	 This made Makaba the first Tswana chief to repulse the formidable Mmanthatisi army.	female
"On March 1, 2017, Vaidhyanathan delivered the state of the city address in which she provided updates on Apple Park, the recent opening of Main Street, and the approval of the Hamptons Apartments and Marina Plaza mixed-use project. "	 Vaidhyanathan called on law enforcement and the sheriff's department to hold a town hall meeting focused on immigrant rights.	female
"In 2004, she accepted a position as assistant coach for Ohio State University, to work with Buckeyes women's ice hockey head coach Jackie Barto, who had been Lachapelle's coach at Providence. "	 Lachapelle stayed as the assistant coach at Ohio State from 2004 to 2008.	female
She worked on manuals for the safe use of gliders. 	 Grimshaw spent 1953–61 at the RAE's headquarters office and returned as the RAE Project officer on the full pressure suit in 1961.	female
"While not seen by the others as a superhero, she is very intelligent and organized. "	" Concierge is present on most missions, often seen with a tablet computer, filling in with needed resources that others often lack."	female
"George Arliss, as the title character of the 1929 film Disraeli, rides a dandy-horse through a London park until he collides with a pedestrian. "	" This occurs in the opening scene of the film, set in the 1830s, when Disraeli was still a writer and a famous dandy."	male
"Delecluze, in his Louis David et son temps, has also a brief life of Girodet. "	 The exhibition assembled more than 100 seminal works (about 60 paintings and 40 drawings) that demonstrated the artist's range as a painter as well as a draftsman.	male
"Unable to have regular work because of his health, Selby decided, I know the alphabet. "	 Maybe I could be a writer.	male
"He also wrote comedy sketches for radio and television, as well as several short comedy plays, which he directed and performed worldwide. "	" A movie critic and writer for several years, as well as a publicist for the National Film and Sound Archive, Juddery wrote an e-book guide to movie reviewing for Fabjob Books in 2003."	male
He retired in 1976 and died of pulmonary edema in 1977. 	" As a pathologist, Goldblatt had observed narrowing of renal blood vessels in autopsies of people with hypertension."	male
"In 1955, he wrote a series of newspaper stories about a shipwrecked sailor who nearly died on account of negligence by the Colombian Navy; several of his colleagues drowned shortly before arriving at the port of Cartagena de Indias due to the existence of overweight contraband aboard the vessel. "	" This resulted in public controversy, as it discredited the official account of the events, which had blamed a non-existent storm for the shipwreck and glorified the surviving sailor."	male
"In February 1934, he was appointed the Head of Department of Military-Engineering Science of General Staff Academy. "	" Since 1936, Karbyshev was an assistant to the Head of Department of Large Formations' Tactics of the Academy."	male
"Despite his limited success on the main ATP circuit, Sluiter won 10 ATP Challenger Tour titles during his career. "	" Though a singles specialist, Sluiter was also an occasional doubles player."	male
"In 1949, Hamill attended the prestigious Regis High School in Manhattan, but he left school when he was 15 to work as an apprentice sheet metal worker in the Brooklyn Navy Yard; 59 years later, in June 2010, Regis awarded him an honorary diploma. "	" Hamill attended night classes at the School of Visual Arts (then called the Cartoonists and Illustrators School), with the goal of becoming a painter."	male
"Gauguin's art became popular after his death, partially from the efforts of dealer Ambroise Vollard, who organized exhibitions of his work late in his career and assisted in organizing two important posthumous exhibitions in Paris. "	" Gauguin was an important figure in the Symbolist movement as a painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramist, and writer."	male
Delvincourt was director from 1941 until his death in an automobile accident in 1954. 	" Delvincourt was a progressive administrator, adding classes in harpsichord, saxophone, percussion, and the Ondes Martenot."	male
"Indeed, Milutinović introduced Njegoš to his own poetry, which Professor Svetlana Slapšak describes as being written in unusual syntax, with unparalleled neologisms and fantastic etymologies. "	" Milaković operated the printing press at Cetinje Monastery, served as editor-in-chief of Grlica and edited all Njegoš's works prior to their publication."	male
"He attended Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan on an academic scholarship, before deciding to focus solely on his musical career. "	 Carlock built a 16-track recording studio and continued to develop as a producer and writer.	male
"In its obituary of Oosterbaan, The Sporting News described him as a phenomenal student-athlete who in his senior year at Michigan was captain of the football team, led the Big Ten Conference in scoring in basketball and was the league's leading hitter in baseball, a sport he had not pursued while in high school. "	 Oosterbaan was both a scholar and an athlete.	male
His specialty was pop music inspired by Dalmatian folklore. 	" Ivčić also wrote and performed Večeras je naša fešta, a song that would become a semi-official anthem of Dalmatia, often sung and performed whenever a Dalmatian athlete or sports team won a title or important game."	male
"In 1999 he hosted an eight-part primetime series for ABC Nightline called Brave New World (which frequently featured his friends, They Might Be Giants, as musical guests). "	" Krulwich, in 2004, became the host and managing editor of the innovative PBS science program NOVA scienceNOW."	male
"There he also came into contact with Alfred Tennyson, with whom he laid the foundation of another lifelong friendship. "	" When the training college was abandoned, Palgrave returned to Whitehall in 1855, becoming examiner in the Education Department, and eventually assistant secretary."	male
"At the age of 16, Professor Shonku received his BSc degree with honours in two subjects, Physics and Chemistry. "	 Professor Shonku is a polyglot who knows 69 languages.	male
"When his term in the Senate ended in 1867, he was nominated to run again, but declined. "	" Dunning gained a national reputation as a lawyer, and was committed to criminal law."	male
"He had joined the Nazi Party in 1931; after leaving it in 1932, he rejoined in 1935. "	" After the war, Höcherl from 1948 practised as a lawyer."	male
In 1940  he sued the New York Graphic Society for reproducing a painting without his permission. 	" While initially the ruling went against the painter, it was eventually reversed; the decision now protects artists' creative works."	male
"During the early stages of his career, he is known to have signed writings with the name George Bogza (George being a variant of Gheorghe). "	" Bogza attended school in Ploiești and trained as a sailor at the Naval Academy in Constanța, but never sought employment in the Romanian Naval Forces."	male
"A French spy who saw him in Brazil as a prisoner on the USS Constitution, after HMS Java rescued them from the tropical seas, wrote that Maturin was Five foot six, slight build, black hair, pale eyes, muddy complexion, three nails on the right hand torn out, both hands somewhat crippled: speaks perfect French with a southern accent. (quoted in The Surgeon's Mate Chapter 11). "	" Although a skilled linguist, Maturin never quite grasps naval jargon or the workings of a ship, a narrative ploy which allows the author to provide the reader with technical information by having helpful crewmates explain things to the ship's doctor."	male
"He would do crazy actions, just so he could get the final hit with a flick to the wrist or such a simple movement that the audience would gasp at his audacity. "	 By the 1970s the lightning-fast tearaway had been replaced by a supreme technician with the footwork of a dancer.	male
"As a result, McVeigh was suspended from involvement in football for twenty-four months, which (due to back-dating and time served in provisional suspensions) saw him suspended until November 2016. "	 The terms of the suspension meant that McVeigh was unable to continue assistant coaching role during 2016.	male
"There he played for the baseball and basketball teams, and provided illustrations for the Makio, the school's student yearbook. "	" Despite these opportunities in athletics and commercial art, Bellows desired success as a painter."	male
"In 2014, Pulkki was awarded the Samuel L. Warner Memorial Medal for his significant research work surround and multichannel audio. "	" Pulkki was appointed docent of spatial sound at Aalto University in 2007–2012, an assistant professor in 2012–2015 and a professor in 2015."	male
"Following the incident, he sat as an independent member of the House of Commons, and asked to be recognized as an Independent Conservative. "	" Later, upon being found not guilty for refusing to provide a breath sample, the presiding judge determined the politician was cautious about the request but did not purposefully delay or refuse."	male
"Although details of his early life are scant, he lost his father and brother sometime in the Mexican War of Independence and fled to the United States where he became fluent in the English language. "	 Mexía became active in government service as Secretary of State for Tamaulipas and the Tuxpan customs collector.	male
"A week later, he experienced complications which prompted additional surgery to implant a defibrillator. "	" As a writer, Dozois mainly worked in shorter forms."	male
"In 1960, together with his wife Margarete Mitscherlich he was a co-founder of the Sigmund-Freud-Institut at Frankfurt committed to psychoanalytic research. "	 From 1966 to 1973 Mitscherlich was professor for psychology at Frankfurt University.	male
"Claiming a success rate of 50 percent, he presented the results at the Berlin Medical Congress and published a report, but the response from his medical peers was hostile and he did no further operations. "	" While generally treating these endeavours favorably, in their consideration of psychosurgery they reserved unremitting scorn for Burckhardt's surgical experiments of 1888 and opined that it was extraordinary that a trained medical doctor could undertake such an unsound procedure."	male
"He completed his doctoral programme in Islamic art at the University of Tokyo in 1976, and was research fellow at the Royal Academy of Iran until the Islamic Revolution in 1979. "	 Igarashi was an associate professor of comparative Islamic culture at the University of Tsukuba.	male
Once his mother discovered and read his notes. 	" Before becoming a writer, Kuznetsov studied ballet and acting, tried painting and music, worked as a carpenter, road builder, concrete worker, helped build the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant on the Dniper river, and worked on the Irkutsk and Bratsk hydroelectric power plants in Siberia."	male
"He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for his masters and doctorate degrees, graduating in 1967 and 1970 respectively. "	" From 1970 until 1975, Patil was assistant professor of electrical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology."	male
He began his campaign in late 1823 and faced little opposition until Christopher Tompkins declared his candidacy in May 1824. 	 Tompkins was a little-known judge from Bourbon County who vehemently held to the principles of the Anti-Relief faction.	male
"In September 2013, Dutton announced his candidacy for the San Bernardino County Assessor-Recorder, vacated by retiring County Assessor-Recorder Dennis Draeger. "	" As a division of the Assessor-Recorder-County Clerk responsibilities, Dutton is the keeper of the historical archives."	male
"During the 1940s and 1950s, he studied at various Peruvian universities and obtained degrees in literature, history, and law. "	" When the Peruvian government decided to reopen an old Catholic seminary in Ayacucho and make it into a modern university dedicated to improving the condition of the region's impoverished native population, Morote joined the new institution as professor of anthropology and vice-rector."	male
"Post-punk band 'Count Florida', from Scotland, released a digital single in February 2021 with an entire song devoted to him; Blake. "	" During the summer of 1997, Schwarzenbach worked as a freelance writer and contributed several reviews of video games for GameSpot."	male
"On February 15, 2015, Pavel Voitov and Artur Narcissov attacked a janitor in Vykhino, but he actively resisted. "	" The criminals were forced to flee, and the janitor was able to testify and describe them."	male
"Before joining the Ohio State faculty in 1969, he was a research scholar at Moscow State University, and a research associate in comparative law at Harvard Law School. "	 Professor Quigley teaches international law and comparative law.	male
"In aesthetic terms, Glackens' link to his friends who were a part of the Ashcan movement was always tenuous. "	" Ultimately, Glackens was a pure painter for whom the sensuousness of the art form was paramount, not a social chronicler or an artist with a bent for politics or provocation."	male
"About 40 hours after he had been formally inaugurated, Hevia resigned early Thursday morning in favor of Mendieta. "	" Hevia, who was also a surgeon, had been the first Cuban national to graduate from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, as a member of the Class of 1920."	male
"At the 9th hole he began to feel ill and was taken to the club house, where his condition rapidly deteriorated. "	 Despite resuscitation by a doctor and a rapid response of emergency medical services Pasanen died.	male
Rulda is discharged from the Amritsar Mental Hospital in 1984 and is taken to Delhi to live with his nephew's family by one of his nephew's assistants. 	 The assistant is killed by the mob and somehow Rulda manages to escapes the mob.	male
"They seek out the Egregious Professor of Cruel and Unusual Geography, and find his office but no sign of the professor himself. "	 They then find a magical window in space leading from the professor's bathroom to a tropical island thousands of years in the past.	male
"He entered the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy at Etajima, Hiroshima, in 1921, where he befriended classmate Minoru Genda and discovered an interest in flying. "	" Specializing in horizontal bombing, Fuchida was made an instructor in that technique in 1936."	male
He retreats to the swamps while they take over the museum on top of the hill where he used to live. 	 The diary described the fugitive as a writer from Venezuela sentenced to life in prison.	male
"The idea for a single archive to preserve the records of New York City's vibrant trade union movement was first advanced in the early 1970s by Stephen Charney Vladeck, son of Socialist trade union activist Baruch Charney Vladeck. "	" Vladeck, a prominent labor lawyer, was concerned about inadequate scholarship and teaching about the history of the labor movement and saw the need for establishment of a central repository for historical documents."	male
"His student and collaborator, Vladimir Steklov, recalled his first lecture in the following way: A handsome young man, almost of the age of the other students, came before the audience, where there was also the old Dean, professor Levakovsky, who was respected by all students. "	 This subject was already known to the students from the lectures of professor Delarue.	male
"In 1880 Nettleship was invited to India by the Gaekwar of Baroda, for whom he painted a cheetah hunt as well as an equestrian portrait. "	 Nettleship was far more than a painter.	male
"A theoretical chemist, he received his bachelor's degree in chemistry and physics at Harvard University (summa cum laude) and his Ph.D. in chemistry in 1975 from the University of California, Berkeley. "	" As a research chemist, Oxtoby is author or co-author of more than 165 scientific articles on subjects such as light scattering, chemical reaction dynamics and phase transitions."	male
Many of his articles and books discuss the influence of emotion on nonverbal communication as well as the effect of those expressions and gestures back onto emotions. 	" Professor Plutchik's work on oculesics includes studies on the synthesis of facial expressions, which look for connections between expressions in the eye along with expressions from the forehead and mouth."	male
"During his time on the National Security Council of President Bush, he was involved in several Iraq strategy reviews, including the one that led to the 2007 surge strategy. "	" As a professor, Feaver has been the recipient of numerous teaching awards."	male
"His acting career began with the leading role in Vzlyot (Take-Off, 1979) by director Savva Kulish, where he played the leading role as Russian rocket scientist Konstantin Tsiolkovsky. "	 Yevtushenko also made two films as a writer/director.	male
"Martin Amis, who was harshly criticized in America Alone but gave it a positive review, said of the style: Mark Steyn is an oddity: his thoughts and themes are sane and serious "	" Longtime editor and admirer Fulford also wrote, Steyn, a self-styled 'right-wing bastard,' violates everyone's sense of good taste."	male
"It was first given to him by his grandparents, due to a resemblance to the character Kum-Kum from the anime Wanpaku Omukashi Kumu Kumu which was Agüero's favourite television programme as a child. "	 It's not every day an athlete is nicknamed after a cartoon character!	male
"On 20 October 2008, Collymore won more than £1.5 million in damages from his financial advisers, for the poor investment advice he had been given since retiring from professional football in 2001. "	 The judge ruled that Collymore had been given advice that was in breach of statutory obligations.	male
A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing.  	 Hemingway believed a writer could convey an object or concept while writing about something entirely different.	male
"In 1981, he joined The Atlantic as a staff writer, later becoming national correspondent; since 1988, he has been a contributing editor. "	" Easterbrook has been a political columnist for Reuters, a senior editor and then contributing editor to The New Republic, and a fellow in economic studies and then in governance studies at the Brookings Institution (that fellowship lasted for nine years up until 2011)."	male
"He received his medical education at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of the Western District of New York in Fairfield, New York. "	" As well as being resident physician at two hospitals, Gorrie was active in the community."	male
He finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Water Polo Team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 	" Since 2003, Hermsen is a professor at the University of Amsterdam in Astrophysics."	male
"On 24 November 1943 he was awarded the Oak Leaves to his Knight's Cross for his leadership during the Battle of Orsha, during which the 4th Army taking defensive positions near the Orsha region in Belarus, temporarily halted the advance of the Western Front led by General Vasiliy Sokolovsky. "	 These successes contributed greatly to Heinrici's reputation as a defensive specialist.	male
Shortly before his death he was elected as an Academician of the Social Sciences. 	 Wragg was a prolific writer.	male
"In Japan, he helped write new building codes and develop new towns. "	 Berkus was also an art collector.	male
"He spent several months completely deprived of sight, until he was operated by surgeon Dr. Pedro Lagleyze. "	 Blotta would later thank the physician with a sculpture.	male
In 1945 - 1947 he worked in the Leningrad branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences. 	 Since 1947 - Professor of the Leningrad University .	male
"Returning home in 1909, from then until 1917 he taught history at the Kutaisi Georgian Gymnasium, and was headmaster of the Sinatle girls' school from 1915 to 1917. "	" From 1918 to 1950, Uznadze was Professor and Head of the Department of Psychology of TSU."	male
"He was born at Romford, Essex, to Arthur F Chinnery and his wife Dorothy (née Mills). "	 Chinnery was also an artist and painter.	male
"Architecture itself moves, he told a biographer, and, with a little chance, becomes a magnificent ruin. "	 Calatrava is also a sculptor and painter.	male
"As the settlement's emergency responder, Goldstein was present at the murder scene, where he referred to the terrorists as nazis. "	" As the settlement's main emergency doctor, Goldstein was involved in treating victims of Arab-Israeli violence prior to that incident as well."	male
He died under mysterious circumstances at Canoe Lake in 1917. 	" Friends of the painter erected a cairn and totem pole memorial on Hayhurst Point, near the north end of the lake."	male
"His own works included mannerist mythological subjects, but also portraits and genre paintings influenced by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, such as the Kermis in the Hermitage Museum. "	" As a writer van Mander worked in various genres: drama, poetry, songs, biography and art theory."	male
He was then concerned he would produce nitroglycerine due to the glycerine in the steak and the presence of nitric and sulphuric acids. 	 Professor Stork received a number of awards and honors including the following:	male
"A popular teacher because of his genial personality, Dittmar was considered the father of the Department of Prosthetic Dentistry (now the Department of Restorative Dentistry) at the UIC College of Dentistry. "	" Dittmar achieved a national reputation as a writer, teacher, speaker, and executive."	male
"Steerpike uses his charm and fast tongue to insinuate himself with the castle's physician Dr Prunesquallor, and acts for a time as his apprentice. "	 From there Steerpike uses the doctor's connections to gain access to the upper hierarchy of Gormenghast.	male
"Executive producer, David Abramowitz, met Peter Wingfield at a Highlander convention in November 1999 and offered him the parts of Doctor Helm or Captain Grisham. "	 Wingfield chose the doctor as a part with more mileage and more challenging.	male
"Peter William Likins (born July 4, 1936) was president of the University of Arizona from 1997 until his retirement in summer 2006. "	" At each of these universities, Likins was a professor of engineering."	male
Resident Friedrich Muench became known for his expertise in the cultivation of grapes and wine making. 	 Muench was a prominent writer and lecturer and wrote a number of books.	male
"In a decision on May 25, 2018, the Court of Appeal agreed with Kent, awarding him an additional $200,000 in costs, and ruling: we respectfully disagree with the trial judge's conclusion that the appellant's allegations of fraudulent concealment and the giving of false evidence were unproven. "	 It follows that the trial judge erred in penalizing the appellant for having made these allegations.	male
"Martin Irving Glickman (August 14, 1917 – January 3, 2001) was an American radio announcer who was famous for his broadcasts of the New York Knicks basketball games and the football games of the New York Giants and the New York Jets. "	 Glickman was a noted track and field athlete and football star at Syracuse University.	male
Dr. Melon had previously been ridiculed by his peers for theorizing that the real Crown Jewels of England were stolen during the Revolutionary War and were actually hidden inside the long-lost cannon. 	 They are ambushed by historical antiquity collector and Dr. Melon's colleague Dr. Glencliff whom they then lead on an action-packed chase through the countryside.	male
Kur received a bachelor's degree from Ithaca College in 1970 and his masters of communications at Columbia University. 	" Kur's first job in journalism was for the Eastern Educational Network as a researcher, reporter and writer."	male
All agencies found his comments were not substantiated with factual data and his motivation was due to his upcoming termination. 	 TEA found the CFO had incorrectly used federal funds.	male
"He wrote two one-act plays, Paper Toilet and Cold Beer, around 1979. "	 The latter examines the role of the dramatist and writer through an alter-ego protagonist.	male
"He says that Haddock is currently horse riding, but he shortly returns minus the horse. "	" Haddock introduces their old friend Professor Calculus, and then tries to show Tintin a magic trick to turn water into whisky, which fails."	male
"While subsequently appearing in Cinderella in Leeds, he collapsed in his dressing room. "	" The attending doctor administered morphine, to which Formby briefly became addicted."	male
"Of his mother, Eulenburg wrote: My mother, whom I deeply adored, the ideal figure who filled my whole being with boundless love, fired my inspiration. "	" Keenly interested in music, Eulenburg enjoyed considerable success as a writer of ballads."	male
"Second, the jury's role was only advisory; the judge could disregard the jury's sentencing recommendation, but had to explain his reasoning if he did. "	 The trial judge must independently reweigh the aggravating factors against the mitigating factors.	male
"She conveyed her suspicions to some of her husband's medical colleagues who, after interviewing him and searching the house, found ample proofs of murder and committed him to an asylum. "	 This article comments that the identity of that incarnate fiend was settled some time ago and that the murderer was a demented physician afflicted with wildly uncontrollable erotic mania.	male
"Raymond instructed his loyal vassals to acknowledge King Amalric of Jerusalem (r. 1163–1174), who had succeeded Baldwin III, as the lawful ruler of Tripoli for the duration of his captivity. "	" Amalric hurried to Tripoli and took full responsibility for its government, assuming the title of administrator of the county of Tripoli."	male
"He has served since 2017 as the Chief Editor for Neuroepidemiology in the journal Frontiers in Neurology, and he was Founding Editor – and is currently the Editor Emeritus – for Emergency Medicine Australasia. "	 Jelinek also has the distinction of being the first Professor of Emergency Medicine in Australasia.	male
He created the Kantha Bopha Foundation in Zurich in 1992 and became its head. 	" As both a cellist and a medical doctor, Richner was known by patients, audiences, and donors as Beatocello."	male
Here the Duke is suffering from money worries as Cornwell states he knew that money kept an army efficient. 	" The books tells a fictionalised account of the destruction of Almeida which, as Cornwell notes conveniently for a writer of fiction, remains a mystery."	male
"During his studies in Yale, Gager was a Freedom Rider, and was arrested in Jackson, Mississippi in June 1961. "	" Professor Gager is also an avid rock climber, kayaker, and cyclist."	male
1 May] 1905 to a Russian-Ukrainian working-class family; he graduated from the St. 	 Tikhonov worked as an assistant engineer from 1924 to 1926.	male
"He was educated in city and county schools and at sixteen began work as a janitor in the First National Bank of Neodesha, Kansas. "	 Woodring soon became assistant cashier at the First National Bank of Neodesha.	male
"In 2003, he directed a feature film adaptation of the manga Azumi, and Sky High, a prequel to the popular Japanese television drama. "	" Also in 2003, Kitamura served as producer for the film Battlefield Baseball, the directorial debut of Versus co-writer Yūdai Yamaguchi."	male
"He was the son of Eliezer Steinman, the Hebrew author and essayist. "	 Shaham was editor-in-chief of Sifriat Poalim Publishing House.	male
"He also was a beat reporter covering the Yankees, Mets, Giants, and Jets. "	 Reali joined ESPN in 2000 as a researcher and writer for 2 Minute Drill.	male
"He also discovered that when they reacted with each other, the particles that were released had far more energy than they started with. "	 Oliphant left the Cavendish Laboratory in 1937 to become the Poynting Professor of Physics at the University of Birmingham.	male
He wrote and directed the films The Stoned Age (aka: Tack's Chicks) and The Jerky Boys: The Movie. 	" Melkonian is also an advertising writer, producer and director."	male
He graduated magna cum laude from Yale University. 	 Berlitz was a writer on paranormal phenomena.	male
"Throughout his tenure, Gude had private pupils in addition to his normal classes. "	" As a professor Gude taught six hours of class, held two hours of office hours, took turns with other professors supervising the nude drawing class and attended staff meetings."	male
"He practised on the South-Eastern Circuit only briefly, being appointed private secretary to Lord Halsbury in 1895. "	" Promotions followed: in 1917 to Clerk-Assistant, and in 1930 to Clerk of the Parliaments."	male
"Mundine has had a stormy relationship with the media: his conversion to Islam in 1999, self-promotion and outspoken opinions have created a love–hate relationship with the Australian public. "	 Mundine has been described as the most polarising athlete in Australian sports history.	male
"Following his admission to the bar, Untermyer started practicing in New York City. "	 Untermyer gained fame as a lawyer focusing on corporate law.	male
"In his early teens, he was first exposed to computing when he was given a Commodore 64 computer, which he used to teach himself about computing and computer networks. "	" Kehoe wrote two books and a number of technology articles in the specialist press (e.g., Boardwatch Magazine) on the topic of the Internet."	male
"From October 1995 to August 1996, Romeva was the principal aide of the UNESCO representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where he was responsible for the Educational programme and for promoting the UNESCO School of Peace Culture. "	" Romeva has been an assistant professor of International Relations at the UAB (1994–1995 and 1996–2002), researcher on peace and disarmament at the UNESCO Center of Catalunya (1994–1998) and campaign coordinator for disarmament and armed conflict prevention for Intermón-Oxfam (1998–1999)."	male
Historians have found no letters written by him to colleagues while under Wundt's supervision. 	" However, it is said that while Witmer was Wundt's assistant, they had several disagreements."	male
"In 1801, Skinner became the state's attorney for Bennington County, a position he held until 1813. "	" From 1805 to 1813, Skinner was probate judge for the Manchester district."	male
He was ambassador of Uruguay to the OAS from 1996 to the 2000. 	 University professor of Social Communication at UCUDAL.	male
He earned his master's degree in biology at Reed College and his PhD at Princeton University in 1943. 	" After college, McElroy became a professor at Johns Hopkins University."	male
"Stoner graduated summa cum laude with an A.B. from Middlebury College in 1977, where he was a student of Murray Dry and Paul Nelson. "	" Before arriving at LSU in 1988, Stoner was an instructor in Politics and Public Policy at Goucher College."	male
"Among his many public lectures, Smythe gave several to the Royal Geographical Society, his first in 1931 titled Explorations in Garhwal around Kamet and his second in 1947 titled An Expedition to the Lloyd George Mountains, North-East British Columbia. "	 Smythe was a prodigious writer and produced many popular books.	male
"In 1990, he founded Ion Țiriac Bank, the first private bank in post-Communist Romania. "	 Țiriac is an avid car collector.	male
"The changing nature of the connection between the Americans and the British Royal Navy is captured in Aubrey's expressions of gratitude to Michael Herapath for his help in their escape from the French spies, out to a Royal Navy ship in Boston harbor. "	 The American Herapath had served as assistant to Maturin on the Leopard.	male
"In 1891 he was commissioned by the Mexican government to create statues of national heroes for Paseo de la Reforma, in Mexico City. "	" Alciati was appointed professor of sculpture, decoration and modelling at the Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1895."	male
"In 1919, the Laboratory became a part of the Warsaw University of Technology, where, as a professor, Miklaszewski worked until the end of his life. "	" Professor Miklaszewski was very active in the scientific, didactic, organizational and publishing fields."	male
"When his appointed term as district attorney expired in 1918, he ran for re-election and was elected to the post. "	" Then from 1927 to 1934, DeArmond served as Deschutes County’s district judge."	male
He studied at the University of Munich under the noted chemist Justus von Liebig; he was Liebig's last student. 	 Loew became associate professor at Munich University in 1886.	male
Brosnan also raises money for charitable causes through sales of his paintings. 	" I always wanted to be an artist, a painter."	male
"Ager was associated with Reform (both the newspaper and literal reform), for the rest of his life. "	 The editor of Reform died in 1903 and Ager took over the position.	male
"The removal of internal organs from three of the victims led to contemporary proposals that considerable anatomical knowledge was displayed by the murderer, which would seem to indicate that his occupation was that of a butcher or a surgeon. "	" Most of the anonymous confessional letters were dismissed by the police as hoaxes but one, known as the From Hell letter after a phrase used by the writer, was treated more seriously; it was sent with a small box containing half of a preserved human kidney."	male
"He has also worked to explain archaeology and Aztec civilization to the public through lectures, writings, and museum exhibits, and was an interviewee for the Harvard Gazette in 2018 on the topic of ancient Aztec religion. "	" Professor Matos has received many honors and awards, both in Mexico and in other countries."	male
Alessandro Achillini began teaching when he was 21 years old. 	 During the 2-year period between 1506-1508 Achillini was a Professor at the University of Padua.	male
He was later elected to the Berlin Academy in 1746 and a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1748. 	" When the Encyclopédie was organised in the late 1740s, d'Alembert was engaged as co-editor (for mathematics and science) with Diderot, and served until a series of crises temporarily interrupted the publication in 1757."	male
"He told the members that a netsuke was at one time carefully carved by the man who wore it, building something of himself into the design, and although a class of professional netsuke makers arose later, whose work might have been more technically adept, it was ordinarily cold, stiff, and without imagination. ... "	" Missing was the element of the amateur carver, which causes these netsuke to be esteemed so much higher by the collector than the commercial product carved for money."	male
"Was archbishop for a long time, into his old age. "	" Was knowledgeable in several subjects, and was professor of astronomy and logistics at Uppsala University."	male
"In June 1861 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society as: The Author of A work on the Diseases of the Lungs, and of a work on the Diseases of the Heart and Aorta – and of other contributions to Pathological Science. "	 Eminent as a Physician.	male
"His state's awards include 5th and 4th Classes of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd Class of the Order of Merit, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Order of the Badge of Honour, Order for Personal Courage, and Personal Firing Weapon. "	 Durdynets is an honorary professor of the National Academy of Internal Affairs.	male
"He is featured in The Rocket: The Maurice Richard Story where he portrayed legendary Montreal Canadiens centre, Jean Béliveau. "	 EA Sports' video game NHL 06 featured Lecavalier as the cover athlete.	male
Lao She lived there until his death 16 years later. 	 The courtyard contains persimmon trees planted by the writer.	male
"Albee insisted that he did not want to be known as a gay writer, saying in his acceptance speech for the 2011 Lambda Literary Foundation's Pioneer Award for Lifetime Achievement: A writer who happens to be gay or lesbian must be able to transcend self. "	 I am a writer who happens to be gay.	male
"The initial operation, John's successful post-surgery career, and the relationship between the two men is the subject of a 2013 ESPN 30 for 30 documentary. "	 The risk of injury to the throwing athlete's UCL is thought to be extremely high as the amount of stress through this structure approaches its ultimate tensile strength during a hard throw.	male
He is best known for founding the travel agency Thomas Cook & Son. 	" At the age of 10, Cook started working as an assistant to a local market gardener for a wage of six pence a week."	male
"He was married to Susan with whom he had eight children: Marguel, Jobaner, Rhudiza, Jarrel, Emily Rose, Pachel Baron, Rudyard James and Erna Sue. "	" A prolific writer, Lariosa wrote 300 poems, 140 stories, dramas, and novels."	male
"However, he completed his graduation from Madras Christian College, Chennai. "	 Ganesan's dream was to become a doctor.	male
"In 1971, Cleaver was hired as an assistant professor at the Université de Sherbrooke in Montreal, Quebec where he taught for three years, finished his dissertation, and studied Québécois nationalism. "	" From 1974 to 1976, Cleaver was a visiting assistant professor at the New School for Social Research in the department of economics."	male
"The outer main-belt asteroid 1596 Itzigsohn, which he discovered himself, was named in his memory on 1 August 1980 (M.P.C. "	 Itzigsohn was a professor of spherical and practical astronomy.	male
"Tenshō Shūbun (天章 周文, died c. 1444–50) was a Japanese Zen Buddhist monk and painter of the Muromachi period. "	 Shūbun was born in the late 14th century in Ōmi Province and became a professional painter around 1403.	male
"Painter accomplished a first in his coaching career by landing a five-star recruit in 2015 Indiana Mr. Basketball Caleb Swanigan, who switched his commitment from Michigan State to Purdue. "	 Painter led the team to a 26–9 overall record.	male
"Although Mehaffey had responsibility over WPA projects nationwide, he primarily worked on airport, beach, pier, playground, and school projects in New York City. "	" During this period, Mehaffey was appointed to Assistant Administrator for Engineering for the entire WPA."	male
"Leach was born in Ballarat, Victoria and educated at Creswick Grammar School (where he was dux), Melbourne Training College (1890) and the University of Melbourne, where he graduated B.Sc. in 1904, M.Sc. in 1906 and in 1912 obtained his doctorate for research in ornithology. "	 Leach was a regular writer and broadcaster on natural history subjects and introduced it into the school curriculum.	male
He studied at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 	" Bodwell served as clerk and treasurer for the township, later becoming a member of the township council, then reeve and later warden for Oxford County."	male
"The publication (1710) of engravings based on these drawings made Nattier famous, but he declined to proceed to the French Academy in Rome, though he had taken the first prize at the Paris Academy at the age of fifteen. "	 Nattier aspired to be a history painter.	male
"He was appointed head of the Law Commission from 1965 to 1973, during which time 27 Commission-inspired statutes were made law. "	" As a judge, Scarman's career had some controversial decisions."	male
"Of his many novels, the first, Im Baune des schwarzen Adlers (1876), is considered by many critics his best. "	 Gottschall was active as an editor and compiler of anthologies.	male
Rall interned at Bellevue Hospital in New York City from 1952 – 1953 when he joined the National Cancer Institute in 1954. 	" Rall also served as a surgeon (1955–1959), a senior surgeon (1959–1960), medical director (1963–1971), and assistant surgeon general (1971–1990) in the United States Public Health Services."	male
"Herrmann took on the role due to the character being an English villain, allowing him to portray an antagonist with an accent, as well as being able to work with animals and make a film for children. "	" The following year, Herrmann had a small role as a doctor in Are You Here."	male
He then served as a member of the Providence Charter Revision Commission from 1939 to 1940. 	" When the Democratic Party returned to power in 1940, Pastore was appointed assistant attorney general in charge of the criminal calendar, serving in that position until 1944."	male
"Supek became the first president of the Yugoslav Society of Psychologists, and for a period he was the president of the Yugoslav Society of Sociologists. "	 Supek was chief editor of the journal Pogledi (Viewpoints) which was published from 1952 to 1954.	male
"In The Empty Child, a hospital doctor named Dr. Constantine says to him, Before this war began, I was a father and a grandfather. "	 But I'm still a doctor.	male
The Picture below states the Division of Property of Seth Kushal Das amongst his 5 sons Seth Kushaldas and his son Pribhdas had received many Afrin Namas from the British Government. 	 Both of them were granted chairs in the Darbar of the Commissioner in Sind and Collector of Nawabshah.	male
"He lives with his wife Winnie, his mother-in-law, and his brother-in-law, Stevie. "	" Verloc's friends are a group of anarchists of which Comrade Ossipon, Michaelis, and The Professor are the most prominent."	male
"According to the Suda, the massive tenth century Byzantine Greek historical encyclopaedia, he was the son of Socles, but was adopted by Lycus of Rhegium. "	 Lycophron is also said to have been a skilful writer of anagrams.	male
In 1868 he founded the Allgemeinen Evangelisch-Lutherischen Konferenz. 	" A strictly orthodox theologian and a clear writer, Luthardt became widely appreciated as the author of apologetic lectures."	male
"A keen gardener and amateur landscaper, he used his love for plants and flowers to develop the Enchanted Garden resort, a unique attraction in Jamaica. "	" As an athlete, Seaga played on several college and school teams: field hockey, cricket, football, rifle, tennis and swimming (diving)."	male
"H. the Prince of Wales visit in 1875–6, from William S. Potter to his sister, one could make a stronger case for Potter, as there are similarities in writing style between the book of letters and The Romance of Lust. "	 Ashbee asserts that Potter acted as editor to contributions by a number of aficionados.	male
"Schön reveals himself, once again announcing revolution in Paris, newspaper in hand and drags Alwa away. "	" The athlete briefly reappears pursued by Schön, revolver in hand."	male
"Because of his victories, his subordinates (mostly Belarusian, Cossack, and Polish volunteers) nicknamed him ataman, though some preferred to use the term Bat'ko – father. "	 Bułak-Bałachowicz became the military administrator of Pskov.	male
"Although he died on 13 February 1987, Grunander was inducted posthumously into the IIHF Hall of Fame as a builder in 1997. "	 Grunander also worked in financial law off the ice and briefly as the IIHF auditor.	male
"He said he had known Nicholas Jacobs all his life and had seen him attack Blakelock with a mini sword or similar, making repeated stabbing motions toward Blakelock. "	 The defence lawyer told the court that Q was a fantasist.	male
"In 2010, the same university awarded him a Doctor of Medicine degree, based on his research and thesis on macrovascular complications of diabetes in adults in Botswana. "	" Dr Onen is a senior consultant physician at the Centre for Chronic Diseases, a private medical practice that offers treatment in a number of specialties, including Cardiology, Cardiovascular Diseases, Diabetes, Gastroenterology and Infectious Diseases, among others."	male
This outlook is reflected in some of his early writings. 	" Tanizaki had a brief career in silent cinema, working as a script writer for the Taikatsu film studio."	male
He also wrote editorials in the Greenville Delta Democrat-Times regarding social and economic intolerance in the Deep South that won him widespread acclaim and the moniker Spokesman of the New South. 	 The article was attacked on the floor of the Mississippi House of Representatives as a Willful lie by a nigger-loving editor.	male
"A few days later, he was called up by the army, effective November. "	" Still in poor health and unfit for service at the front, Streeruwitz spent the war as an administrator."	male
"He then went to St Catherine's College at the University of Oxford where he read Philosophy, Politics and Economics. "	" After Oxford, Mabey worked as a lecturer in Social Studies in Further Education at Dacorum College, Hemel Hempstead, then as a Senior Editor at Penguin Books."	male
"However, in his teens Humphries began to rebel against the strictures of conventional suburban life by becoming artistic, much to the dismay of his parents who, despite their affluence, distrusted art. "	" Humphries responded by becoming a voracious reader, a collector of rare books, a painter, a theatre fan and a surrealist."	male
Professor Hirotaro Narabayashi and his colleagues were the first researchers to carry out stereotactic amygdalotomy for the treatment of abnormal aggression and hyperexcitability in a series of 60 patients with psychological disturbances. 	" The procedure was performed under a stereotactic frame devised by Professor Narabayashi and involved the administration 0.6-0.8ml mixture of oil-wax to destroy the lateral groups of the amygdala nucleus, localized via pneumoencephalography."	male
"He later became a professor, before becoming an actor. "	 Agashe served as a professor of Psychiatry at the B. J.	male
That was why he loved Tolstoy so much. 	 Bunin has often been spoken of as a cold writer.	male
A physician had his clinic on the first floor and a joiner who possibly worked for the piano factory was based on the second floor. 	 The physician on the first floor was eventually succeeded by two lawyers.	male
"The day after principal photography was completed, Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far. "	 The director was shocked at the results and fired the editor.	male
This collection was continued by his wife Cecilie Mendelssohn-Bartholdy (1898–1995). 	 Grafström was also a writer and an etcher.	male
"Intermittently, Pesky was allowed to sit on the Red Sox bench during games, but three times was prevented from the task "	" As an instructor, Pesky was ineligible."	male
"However, he resigned from this position to return to the Twentieth Ward Seminary. "	 Maeser wrote articles in the Beehive Series of the Juvenile Instructor during 1870.	male
"A traveller returning to New York found that he had only a ten-dollar postal money order, and that his train fare was seven dollars. "	" The ticket clerk refused to accept the money order, so the traveller went across the road to a pawn shop and pawned it for seven dollars."	male
Rubik considers university and the education it afforded him as the decisive event which shaped his life. 	" From 1971 to 1979, Rubik was a professor of architecture at the Budapest College of Applied Arts (Iparművészeti Főiskola)."	male
"In addition to his own books and articles during this period, he also joined Inazo Nitobe in crafting what became his most well-known book, Bushido: The Soul of Japan. "	" The prolific writer was also a prolific traveller, making eleven trips to Europe--primarily to visit the Netherlands."	male
"After his time with the Volunteers, he spent two years after that as the quarterbacks coach at Southeast Missouri State. "	 Gruden then moved to the University of the Pacific in 1989 as offensive assistant as the tight ends coach.	male
The jury of the Grosse Berliner Kunstausstellung (great Berlin art exhibition) disapproved however the exhibition of his paintings. 	 Hendrich then started a job as painter in Amsterdam.	male
"He has regularly appeared on BBC Local Radio, and has also written a biweekly column for the Worcester News. "	" Serrell is an avid collector, living in a house full of tat."	male
"Wark's final full season at Portman Road, 1982–83, had seen him record the highest league goals tally of his career. "	" I was rather taken aback when the doctor entered the Anfield boot room, Wark said."	male
"Truxillo claimed that his firing was because of his radical beliefs and argued, Tenure is based on a vote from my colleagues. "	 Few are in favor of a Chicano professor advocating a Chicano nation state.	male
"Later he paints flat, angular folds, and in the end he is able to convey the impression of supple, flowing garments. "	 The groups of figures which the Amasis Painter shows were carefully drawn and symmetrically composed.	male
He lived in Texas for seven years while earning his degrees in electrical engineering. 	" Following graduation, in 1987 Dahleh joined MIT as an assistant professor, and achieved multiple teaching, research and leadership roles in academia, industry, and business sectors."	male
From 1994 to 1996 he was assistant at the Department of Indology and Religious Studies at the University of Tübingen. 1995 followed the habilitation in the field of religious studies and Greek philology. 	" Since 2001, Auffarth has been Full Professor of Religious Studies with a focus on History and Theologies of Christianity at the University of Bremen."	male
"From his experiences, he wrote a short story, Die Eichenlaubfahrt (The Oak-Leaves Patrol; Lehmann-Willenbrock had been awarded the Knight's Cross with oak leaves). "	" After the war, Buchheim worked as an artist, art collector, gallery owner, art auctioneer and art publisher."	male
"After his stint as the host of Wake Up America on the fledgling network, McCuddy joined Fox News in 1996 as a regular contributor to various programming on the network. "	 For a brief time McCuddy was also a writer for Saturday Night Live.	male
The native of South Dakota worked for the Oregon Department of Transportation from 1919 to 1935 and 1937 until he died in 1946. 	 McCullough also was a professor at Oregon State University.	male
"Aged 34, Sirakov was also picked for UEFA Euro 1996 in England, playing the last of his 78 matches (24 goals) on 13 June, against Romania, after replacing Lyuboslav Penev in a 1–0 win. "	" Immediately after retiring from international play, Sirakov served as assistant to the national team, appearing with it at the 1998 World Cup."	male
"In August 1996, he reported to NASA's Johnson Space Center for NASA astronaut training. "	" Noguchi qualified as a mission specialist after two years, and received training on Russian space systems at Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in 1998."	male
He has also won awards for his reporting on gun violence and the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests. 	 Lahman was a senior editor for Total Sports Publishing from 1999 to 2001.	male
"Six years later he succeeded Johann Friedrich Dieffenbach (1794–1847) as Director of the Clinical Institute for Surgery and Ophthalmology at the Charité in Berlin, and remained there till 1882, when failing health forced him to retire. "	" Langenbeck was a bold and skillful surgeon, but preferred not to operate while other means afforded a prospect of success."	male
"He was upset when Lahovari died not too long after, and authored his obituary. "	 Caragiale also became a collaborator on Filipescu's journal Epoca and editor of its literary supplement.	male
It began in February 2005 when Cussler sued Anschutz and Crusader for $100 million for failing to consult him on the script. 	" The writer also claimed breach of contract because Crusader had failed to take up the option of a second book, Anschutz counter-sued for alleged blackmail and sabotage attempts against the film prior to its 2005 release."	male
"Subsequently, he was invited to the editorial board of Nyugat and became a close friend of its editor, the post-symbolist poet and writer Mihály Babits. "	" During World War II, Illyés was nominated editor-in-chief of Nyugat following the death of Mihály Babits."	male
"Boomerang releases him, in hopes that Zoom might help him better understand his version of the Entity's message. "	" However, Professor Zoom refused to answer and escaped as Digger was confronted by the Rogues."	male
"In 1982, he was arrested for anti-Soviet activity and sentenced for 3 years in exile in the Komi Republic. "	 1997--co-founder and editor-en-chief of internet magazine Russian journal.	male
"While Ishii was in junior high school, a book by Masatoshi Nakayama sparked his interest in Shotokan karate, but a Sonny Chiba film later inspired him to pursue training in Kyokushin karate. "	" Ishii began training in Kyokushin karate under Hideyuki Ashihara, who was then a senior instructor in Kyokushin's International Karate Organization (IKO)."	male
"Prior to joining the Sports Xchange, he wrote for ESPN.com starting in 2001 and was a frequent contributor to the other ESPN outlets, including SportsCenter, ESPNEWS, ESPN Radio and ESPN The Magazine. "	" Before ESPN, Pasquarelli served as a senior writer for CBS SportsLine.com."	male
"The Bobcats fell to 3–7 in 1981, and despite his popularity in Bozeman, Lubick was fired. "	 Lubick moved on to the Division I-A ranks as an assistant coach.	male
"He lives in suburban Chicago, Illinois, with his wife, Susan, and their four sons. "	" A journalist, writer and film producer."	male
"After many attempts to expunge the three hostages, they are captured and sent to a dungeon, wherein Johnny finds Dr Edwards and John Bowman kidnapped by Ziska and his cronies. "	 Ziska had been a great surgeon who went mad and began to perform unorthodox operations.	male
"In spite of his short stature and slight build, President McLean was an athlete and hero to most of the student athletes at the school. "	 Professor McLean was generous in extending financial aid to students.	male
"One of his pupils, Helmut Gipper, prominently developed his ideas in modified form, in a series of articles and as co-editor of the Duden Grammatik from the late 1950s onwards. "	" Gipper was also influential as co-editor of an extensive bibliography on Sprachinhaltsforschung, as linguistics broadly within the Weisgerber tradition has come to be known."	male
He used left-handed or mirror writing (a technique described as so characteristic of him) to protect his scientific research from other readers. 	" One of the results of controversies caused by a writer's work is scandal, which is a negative public reaction that causes damage to reputation and depends on public outrage."	male
"In the early stages of the film, Grandpa Hugo was to have been revealed as the murderous Dr. Satan, who at the time was simply referred to as the mad doctor. "	" The legend of the mad doctor was to be a ploy by the Firefly family to lure victims in, though this idea was later scrapped."	male
"He is the founder, advisor, and former chairman of Ibbotson Associates, now a Morningstar Company. "	" Professor Ibbotson conducts research on a broad range of financial topics, including popularity, liquidity, investment returns, mutual funds, international markets, portfolio management, and valuation."	male
Taalat was quoted in an interview that he had completed many screenplays and looks forward to directing a feature film in the future. 	 Pursuing a film career is definitely in the works as both writer and director.	male
In 1935 he was arrested in connection with the Kirov affair. 	 D. Ivanenko was a professor at Tomsk University from 1936 to 1938.	male
"Despite rejecting Justice Foster's reasoning, Justice Tatting cannot bring himself to reach the alternative view, that the defendants' convictions should be upheld. "	" Concluding with a criticism of the prosecutor for deciding to bring the prosecution in the first place, the judge makes the unprecedented decision of withdrawing from the case."	male
"According to a description written for publication by Antonfrancesco Cirni, he also designed many of the costumes for the famously elaborate wedding festivities of Ortensia Borromeo in March 1565, which were held in the Vatican and included a tournament in the Belvedere courtyard. "	 Such duties were often expected of a Renaissance court painter.	male
"At the conclusion of the season, Bellof contested the Formula Ford Festival at Brands Hatch, but was excluded from the meeting after finishing sixth in his quarter-final heat, for excessive contact. "	" Bellof made a promise to the meeting's clerk of the course, saying that the official had better watch my career, because I'll be back here next year and I'll win my first Formula 2 race."	male
The Evening Standard named Tuffrey as one of the thousand most influential Londoners for his work on the environment. 	" Tuffrey is a qualified Chartered Accountant, and has worked as a finance director for a major national charity before starting up a consultancy business, Corporate Citizenship."	male
"In 1985, his first book was published by Imge Publications, titled Bob Marley and Reggae; a biography of Jamaican reggae star and a summary of the Rastafarian movement, slightly emphasising its politics, its elements of anti-imperialism. "	 Eldem was among the founders of the monthly music and counter-culture magazine Studyo Imge (now considered as a cult) and became its first editor in early 1985.	male
"Shrikanta, Charitrahin, Devdas, Grihadaha, Dena-Paona and Pather Dabi are among his most popular works. "	 Rajshekhar Basu (1880–1960) was the best-known writer of satiric short story in Bengali literature.	male
"He received a BA from Carleton College, a PhD in Management from the MIT Sloan School of Management, and holds four honorary doctorates. "	" Further on Meadows has been a tenured professor in faculties of management, engineering, and social sciences."	male
Received a title of People's Artist of Russia and was nicknamed the Godfather of the Russian piano school. 	 Naumov was a professor of piano at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory and a jury member in many international competitions.	male
He joined the Boston University faculty in 1975 teaching film history classes at the College of Communications. 	 Manvell was named University Professor in 1982.	male
"In April 1917, the United States entered World War I. After his Leon Springs assignment, McNair was assigned to the 1st Division, then located at Camp Stewart, in El Paso County, Texas. "	" Assigned to the division headquarters as assistant chief of staff for training, McNair was given responsibility for the organization's pre-deployment mobilization, individual soldier training, and collective unit training."	male
"At the Tenth International Medical Congress held in 1890 in Berlin, Koch unexpectedly introduced a cure for tuberculosis, which he called tuberculin. "	 The public trusted the famous physician and reacted enthusiastically.	male
"One of the conference delegates, Professor Alfred T. Halsted, loved the game of Mintonette, but he felt like something was just not right. "	" Professor Halsted suggested that the name of the game should be Volleyball, since the main point of the game was to “volley” the ball to a player or over the net."	male
After Sonko obtained his master's degree he attended the National School of Administration and Judiciary (ENAM). 	 Sonko spent 15 years of service as a tax specialist.	male
He studied also with Porcelio Pandone (1405–1485) and Gaspar Veronese. 	" Sabellicus became professor of eloquence at Udine in 1473, but was dismissed in 1482."	male
"As a teenager in 1954, Toole made his first trip out of Louisiana to Philadelphia, New York City, and Washington, D.C. on a field trip. "	" Toole became the editor of the news section of the school newspaper, and maintained high marks throughout high school."	male
"Attorney for New Jersey, he prosecuted many cases involving drug trafficking and organized crime. "	" From 1981 to 1985, Alito was Assistant to U.S."	male
"In 1973, he was their starting quarterback and led his team to the 61st Grey Cup. "	 Keeling was an assistant coach for the Stampeders from 1982 to 1983.	male
"DeNucci served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for ten years, where he was chairman of the Human Services Committee. "	 DeNucci was the longest-serving Auditor in Massachusetts history.	male
"With regards to Valdezia, Professor H.W.E Ntsanwisi has issued a warning and declaration of war against the central government, he told Pretoria during the 1970s that there will be bloodshed if the central government goes ahead and forcibly remove the people of Valdezia, the threat to forcibly remove the people of Valdezia went on until 1984 when the South African government announced that Valdezia will no longer be removed as originally planned by the central government, rather it will be retained as a detached area of Gazankulu. "	" For more than 18-years, Professor H.W.E Ntsanwisi successfully resisted the forced removal of the people of Valdezia, to this day, the community of Valdezia still enjoy their land rights, which wouldn't be possible today should the central government had gone ahead with forced removal."	male
He is an Honoured Man of the Aktubinsk region. 	" Lonchakov has logged over 1400 hours of flight time, is a Class 1 Air Force pilot, and a paratroop training instructor with 526 jumps."	male
"He was one of five siblings who survived to adulthood; his younger brother, Martin, became a major executive at Sam's companies. "	 Insull's career began as an apprentice clerk for various local businesses at age 14.	male
"Caputo received his BA in 1962 from La Salle University, his MA in 1964 from Villanova University, and his PhD in philosophy in 1968 from Bryn Mawr College. "	" Caputo is a specialist in contemporary continental philosophy, with a particular expertise in phenomenology, hermeneutics, and deconstruction."	male
His young-adult novel Now I Know (1987) is based partly on his experiences as a monk. 	 Chambers left the monastery in 1967 and a year later became a freelance writer.	male
"Behan was a self-educated man whose intellect was such that he numbered many respected thinkers among his friends including the likes of Hugh MacDiarmid the Scots poet with whom he lived for three years, Louis MacNeice who became for a time a writing partner – mostly for the BBC overseas program and H. "	" Behan also found time to work in education, having been identified by the Strathclyde Region education dept as the Writer in residence for the Region's secondary schools."	male
"Along with fellow former Ultimate Fighter competitors Joe Stevenson and Rashad Evans, he trained in Albuquerque under the instruction of coach Greg Jackson. "	 Christison was 0-6 lifetime in fights that went to a decision (not counting the loss to Petruzelli which is officially classed as an exhibition bout) and 20-1 in fights that were decided by knockout or submission (the lone loss coming via a doctor stoppage).	male
"A widely believed story, summarized in an article by columnist Tracy Ringolsby, holds that a hospitalized writer from Philadelphia had turned in a ballot with Campanella listed as his first-place and fifth-place vote. "	 It was assumed that the writer had meant to write Snider's name into one of those slots.	male
"In 2010, he served on a blue ribbon panel assembled by NFL Films for the ten-part documentary series called The Top 100: NFL's Greatest Players. "	" From 1998 to 2007, Lahman was an editor or contributor to more than a dozen sports encyclopedias"	male
"In 1896, he helped establish the Collectors Club of New York, and was later its president for a number of years. "	" Luff had become perhaps the most prolific philatelic writer of the age, with works ranging from the tutorial What Philately Teaches Us (1899) to the classic reference work The Postage Stamps of the United States (1902), and numerous articles in the AJP and Mekeel's Weekly Stamp News."	male
He is the band's singer and guitarist. 	" While their music is written by all the members, Makarevich is the band's exclusive lyrics writer."	male
"He has conflated Discovery Institute's position with that of the Dover school board, and he totally misrepresents intelligent design and the motivations of the scientists who research it. "	 Newspapers have noted that the judge is a Republican and a churchgoer.	male
Johnny tries to enlist his fellow newsboy friends to help prove his father's innocence. 	" They try to convince the judge, but are unsuccessful."	male
"He received his Ph.D. in history from Columbia University in New York, working with David Herbert Donald. "	" McWhiney became a noted specialist on the American Civil War era, as well as southern social and economic history."	male
"When Hempstead's term as governor ended on December 9, 1854, he attempted to run for the United States congress, but lost due to his opinion over prohibition. "	" Later, Hempstead was repeatedly elected to and served as Dubuque's county judge until 1867."	male
"Wrenfordsley qualified as a solicitor, became a journeyman lawyer in Dublin and at the English Bar, called to the bar on 30 April 1863, he was junior counsel for the Privy Council office in House of Commons inquiries into the foreign cattle market. "	 Wrenfordsley later joined the colonial service and was appointed as a puisne judge at Mauritius in 1877.	male
"Pearlman was the Schulich Distinguished Chair of music at McGill University in Montreal, specializing in the programs in music theory, sound recording and music technology; he later served as Centenary Fellow at the McLuhan Center for Culture and Technology at the University of Toronto, where he co-taught a course on Digital Media Distribution. "	" As a Professor and as a public speaker, Pearlman lectured on the architecture of the music industry, strategies for re-monetizing music downloads, and the history and future of music."	male
He completed his doctorate from the University of Helsinki in 1930. 	 Ahlfors worked as an associate professor at the University of Helsinki from 1933 to 1936.	male
"When Uhlenbeck went into retirement, Ras was the obvious person to succeed him, So he was appointed professor of Javanese language and literature in 1985. "	" Of special importance for the specialist scholar are a number of lengthy, in-depth studies of aspects of Javanese culture and literature."	male
"In 2008, Effendy successfully completed his Doctoral program in military sociology from the Airlangga University. "	 Muhadjir is currently listed as professor of Sociology Department in the State University of Malang.	male
"Furthermore, she cooked on a broad culinary range and her recipes were sent across the world. "	 Watters was a keen gardener and played contract bridge and mahjong to a high level.	female
"Following her divorce, she went to work, first as an insurance agent and later as the editor of the women's sections for five weekly newspapers in the Birmingham area. "	 That experience led to a position as a staff writer for the Birmingham News.	female
She organised the German Physical Society German Conference on Physics in 2009. 	" Denz is an editor for Physik Journal, Annalen der Physik and Advanced Optical Materials."	female
She acquired her PhD in law at Queen Mary University of London in 2011 for a thesis on the United Nations Human Rights Council. 	" Freedman was a senior lecturer at the University of Birmingham from 2014 to 2016 before becoming professor of law, conflict, and global development at the University of Reading in 2016."	female
"She describes how one memory triggers another, which in turn triggers another and how she is powerless to stop it: It's like a split screen; I'll be talking to someone and seeing something else. "	 One writer claimed hyperthymesia may be a result of reviewing memories constantly to an obsessive-compulsive degree.	female
"In 2002, she was a visiting scholar at the Department of Classics of the University of Texas at Austin. "	 Olasope began teaching at the University of Ibadan as an Assistant Lecturer in 1997.	female
Side panels are opened to show the assistant is still in place lying flat on her back. 	 The assistant is then divided into two.	female
"In 1978, she returned to Modesto, where she served as a Deputy Public Defender. "	" Veneman joined the United States Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service in 1986, serving as Associate Administrator until 1989."	female
"Tony's suspicions came true when an assistant of Governor Radford calls telling him to meet her at Fisher Pier, which was happening approximately at the same time as Chase Edmunds's return to C.T.U. "	" The suspicion came true as a helicopter ambushed the pair, killing the assistant."	female
"She became the EIC's music director in 2006, the first woman to hold the post, and served as the EIC's music director until 2013. "	 Mälkki is known as a specialist in contemporary music.	female
"Her aunt and uncle, Nellie McCoy and Bob Uke Hanshaw, were vaudeville performers. "	" Hanshaw aspired to be a portrait painter, studying at the National School of Design for a year."	female
She believed that truth could be captured in the careful crafting of language and that no human experience was beyond the power of language. 	 Molinaro was also a painter in the style of the Haitian primitives.	female
Tarbell initially turned him down so she could continue working on the Roland biography but McClure was determined. 	" Instead of taking up the editor position at McClure's, Tarbell began writing freelance articles for the magazine."	female
Then for two years she was editor of a computer group's house magazine. 	" Somerville joined the BBC in 1972 as a sub-editor in the radio newsroom, and then became a reporter in 1978."	female
MacDonald was crowned as the Queen of the Movies in 1939 with Tyrone Power as her king. 	 MacDonald was awarded an honorary doctor of music degree from Ithaca College in 1956.	female
"After that year, she reduced her participation to the Monaco phase only. "	 Casiraghi is a published writer and magazine editor.	female
Her television career began when she was asked to write scripts as she was procrastinating while writing her PhD dissertation. 	" This led, within two years, to a writer's position for Charmed."	female
"Before this volume, Excursions en Roumélie et en Morée (Excursions in Rumelia and Morea) (Zürich 1863, 2 vols.) was published, in which she tried to show that 19th-century Germany had the same civilizing task as Ancient Greece. "	 D'Istria was also a painter.	female
"In that same year, whilst still working at Triple J, she also became host of a Nine Network children's show, What's Up Doc?. "	 Rowntree went on to become the show's writer/producer.	female
"Her father is a Presbyterian minister, her mother a nurse; her family also includes three sisters and two brothers. "	" With medicine strong in the family, it was natural for Hogg to become a doctor."	female
"Much of the humor derives from Creech's playful use of language: When Mary Lou's mother forbids her using the words God, stupid, and stuff, Mary Lou makes a foray into the thesaurus with hilarious results. "	" Tightly written, nary a word out of place, by turns sarcastic, tender, and irreverent, this a real piece of comedy about contemporary teen life from one funny writer."	female
"In the days before Selena's death, Saldívar delayed handing over the bank statements and financial records by saying she had been physically and sexually assaulted in Mexico. "	" During that visit, Saldívar was given a brief physical examination by the clinic's doctor, but this did not include a gynecological exam specifically done in cases of sexual assault."	female
"She was elected to the Académie Internationale du Vin in 1993 and, in 2002, she received the New York Institute of Technology’s Professional Excellence Award. "	 Sutcliffe is an internationally recognised wine writer and renowned taster and writes regularly for many international publications.	female
"Additionally, she began publishing poetry in the college magazine, Acta Victoriana. "	" Besides writing poetry, Avison worked a variety of other jobs, such as working as a file clerk, proofreader, and editor."	female
"In 1927, she returned to New York, where she married William Gresser, a New York City attorney and musicologist, who died in 1982. "	" Gresser was an accomplished painter and musician, as well as a classical scholar."	female
"She is renowned for her work on the role of sex effects and serotonin in metabolising oestrogen, also for identifying target enzymes for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. "	 MacLean is currently a Professor of Pulmonary Pharmacology in the Strathclyde Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences at the University of Strathclyde Glasgow.	female
"She also wrote numerous radio plays broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and several of her poetic works were published in journals and anthologies during the 1980s and 1990s. "	 Jolley was made a Professor of Creative Writing at Curtin University in 1998.	female
"Later, however, she refused to sing light classical, saying she sang only ragas. "	 Hangal served as honorary music professor of the Karnataka University.	female
"In 1958, she was appointed as Curator of Scunthorpe Museum. "	 Hawkes was a research assistant at the Institute of Archaeology from 1959 to 1973.	female
She was replaced by entertainer Charytín Goyco during the season finale. 	 Goyco had already served as guest host and judge during several episodes of the show.	female
Her Harkness Fellowship project was entitled Insurance Coverage and Cost Growth. 	 Vaithianathan returned to the University of Auckland in 2009 as an Associate Professor.	female
They are so common that the image of the outfit has evolved to be strongly associated with youth and female adolescence in popular culture. 	" As a result, sailor uniforms are seen very frequently in Japanese dramas, movies, anime, manga, music videos and concert performances of pop teen idol groups."	female
"The high percentage of women working part-time has been explained by social norms and the historical context of the country, where women were among the last in Europe to enter the workforce, and when they did, most of them did so on a part-time basis; according to The Economist, fewer Dutch men had to fight in the World Wars of the 20th century, and so Dutch women did not experience working for pay at rates women in other countries did. "	 Research in 2016 led by professor Stijn Baert (Ghent University) debunked the idea that part-time work by students is an asset for their CV in respect of later employment chances.	female
"Florynce Kennedy represented her and asked for a writ of habeas corpus, arguing that Solanas was being held inappropriately at Elmhurst. "	 The judge denied the motion and Solanas returned to Elmhurst.	female
"After receiving a Rosenwald Fund scholarship, she went on to study librarianship at the University of Michigan, earning a second bachelor's degree in 1931 and a Master of Library Science degree in 1932. "	" From 1918 to 1923, Dunlap was an instructor at Wilberforce University."	female
"In the process of adapting her own animated screenplay into a full-length, two-act libretto for the stage, Woolverton contributed several distinct changes to the material, specifically instilling more emotional depth into each main character. "	 The writer expanded the story by both fleshing out each character and allowing room for new musical numbers.	female
She was sent to Earth for Princess Training. 	 Puchiko is Dejiko's assistant.	female
She also dubbed the singing voices of Ariel in Disney's The Little Mermaid and Esmeralda in The Hunchback of Notre Dame for German-speaking audiences. 	" A painter in the neoclassical style, Lemper's paintings have been showcased in numerous galleries."	female
"Among her friends in England were Stella Kramrisch, Heinrich Zimmer, and Penelope Chetwode. "	 Kramrisch described Heimann as a refugee Professor of Sanskrit from Heidelberg.	female
"Some of her subsequent work focused on methodology and theory, including the co-edited volume Bringing the State Back In, which heralded a new focus by social scientists on the state as an agent of social and political change. "	" For the next five years, Skocpol would serve as an Associate Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and of Social Science, Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and Director for the Center for the Study of Industrial Societies."	female
Her winning the largest number of medals at the Turin Olympics caused IOC president Jacques Rogge to call her the woman of the games. 	" The following day, February 27, Klassen signed the most lucrative endorsement deal ever for a Canadian amateur athlete, with Manitoba Telecom Services (MTS), estimated at about $1 million."	female
Garniers was able to acquire enough money to have three houses and multiple silver objects in her possession. 	 It is believed that Garnier was also an amateur oil painter.	female
The Mismade Girl is often performed as a production effect 	" Sometimes the routine will omit the second restacking, and the magician may instead exchange numbers or pictures on the front of those cubes which appear to be out of order, apparently magically moving the divided parts of the assistant's body into the correct order."	female
"Her education was at Marist Sisters' College, Woolwich, an all girl secondary school in the suburbs of Sydney. "	 When I sat there I didn't know I would leave and become a professional sailor and maritime lawyer.	female
She was familiar with the language through her mother who had been born near Münster: the family were still in touch with cousins in Germany which made it easy to spend time with kinsfolk and get used to using the language conversationally. 	" That was followed in 1876 by a diploma for work as a teaching assistant, and by a full teaching diploma in 1878."	female
"After she won the award, her marriage ended in divorce. "	 Since 2005 Nakazawa has been a professor of literature at Hosei University.	female
"From 2005 to 2008, she was editor of the program Olímpicos. "	" ADO 2008, and later was the editor of broadcasts of the Beijing Olympics."	female
"One of her daughters, Dr. Maria Paula Survilla, (1964–2020) was a professor of ethnomusicology at Wartburg College in Waverly, Iowa. "	 Survilla has participated in more than 30 exhibitions as a painter.	female
"Maddow has said her family is very, very Catholic and she grew up in a community that her mother has described as very conservative. "	" Maddow was a competitive athlete and participated in high school volleyball, basketball, and swimming."	female
"She has come from Atlanta and there was a ceiling there, so she's come up to New York. "	" There's no intimidation, what attracted me was the prospect of re-invigorating a franchise that's been so well-known and so well-liked, and then to be the shaker and mover."	female
"Her family settled in North York, Ontario, where she grew up and developed her passion for hockey, often playing goal for her brothers on outdoor rinks. "	" A gifted athlete, Heaney also played Gaelic football, soccer, fastball and in-line hockey."	female
"In fact, Conceição remained active in the resistance and disguised this by volunteering for the church, as she delivered religious education in the Viqueque parish. "	" Under the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor, Conceição was appointed deputy district administrator for Viqueque."	female
"In one case, Dr. Aulakh faced accusations of obtaining signatures by deception in 2002 from US House Foreign Policy Aides when a publication on US Congress, The Hill stated that a legislative assistant to a Republican Congressman misled her office by implying to a staff member that the Congressman, John Shimkus, had agreed to sign a letter to the President calling for release of political prisoners in India. "	 The Senior legislative assistant stated that Dr. Aulakh had already printed the letter with the name of the Congressman leaving a staff member to assume that the office had agreed to sign it.	female
"Prior to her service in local government, Suzanne served as Vanderburgh County Republican Central Committee Chairman for four years. "	 Crouch was elected Vanderburgh County Auditor in 1994.	female
She defended her Ph.D. thesis in social science in 1968. 	" Rantalaiho served as professor of sociology at the University of Lapland in 1988–1989, and in public health science at the University of Tampere in 1990–1998."	female
"Hindley was increasingly drawn to the Roman Catholic Church after she started at Ryder Brow Secondary Modern, and began taking instruction for formal reception into the Church soon after Higgins's funeral. "	 Hindley's first job was as a junior clerk at a local electrical engineering firm.	female
"From October 2007 to September 2008, she was a postdoctoral fellow at University of Cambridge through funding from the Economic and Social Research Council. "	 Beers is an associate professor in the department of history at American University College of Arts and Sciences.	female
She toured o\in vaudeville in 1918. 	 One writer commented on Naudain's genuine wholesomeness and refreshing unstaginess.	female
"When Catt was seven years old, her family moved to rural Charles City, Iowa. "	" As a child, Catt was interested in science and wanted to become a doctor."	female
With Heinz Stoob she received her doctorate at the University of Münster in 1986 with a thesis on the rule of travel Karls IV. south of the Alps. 	 From 1989 to 1995 Widder was scientific assistant at the University of Münster.	female
She is the current Women's International Boxing Association lightweight champion. 	 Ro has enjoyed an extensive career as an athlete and as a professional trainer.	female
"The latest novel No Man's Land (Terre des oublis in French, which won the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle (2007)), perhaps her most successful, was in the final list of the prize Femina 2006 and received the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle in 2007. "	 Dương has been labeled as a dissident writer and been expelled by Vietnam’s Communist party and was imprisoned for a short time in 1991 for remarks criticizing the goals and interests of the party and its members.	female
"However, it appears that she did not buy all of the arsenic which killed her patients. "	 The doctor and some of the patients had signed off to purchase it.	female
She studied social work as a Masters student following her move to Buenos Aires at the Universidad de Buenos Aires. 	" During the mornings, Sánchez worked as an administrator."	female
"According to Kraft Kitchens, when the recipe for Pistachio Pineapple Delight was sent out, an unnamed Chicago food editor renamed it Watergate Salad to promote interest in the recipe when she printed it in her column. "	" Neither the article nor editor has been tracked down, however."	female
Norwegian coach Bjørnar Håkensmoen gave Sara Renner a ski pole after hers was broken when a competitor stepped on it during the cross-country team sprint at the 2006 Winter Olympics. 	" Norway's athlete ended up fourth, implying that this selfless act of sportsmanship may well have cost the Norwegian team a medal."	female
"Her name remained on the ballot, and she received 3,210 votes (8.53%) to finish fourth against Liberal candidate Anita Neville. "	 Rattai was a 33-year-old accountant.	female
"In 2016, she began serving as the State Bar of Arizona’s first Asian American (female) president. "	 Loo’s employment at the university began in 1993 after several years of practicing as a corporate lawyer.	female
"She recently spearheaded an exhibition with Justine Holzman, On the Pond, which uses photographs, text, maps, and digital art to make the case for catfish farming as important sustainable agriculture. "	" As a professor, Lipschitz teaches both studio and seminar courses."	female
Her novels have been described as 'literary fiction at its finest' in Books and Culture while The Advocate has cited her skill at mastering poetic forms. 	" The editor of Books and Culture says, Youmans (pronounced like 'yeoman' with an 's' added) is the best-kept secret among contemporary American writers."	female
Deborah Feyerick spent her early childhood in France and UK before moving to the United States. 	 During college Feyerick worked at NBC as a news assistant.	female
She attended North Ealing Primary School and Ealing County Grammar School for Girls. 	" While attending the Guildhall School, Blackman worked as a clerical assistant for the Home Office."	female
"In 1913, she was appointed to serve as Professor of Economics at Wellesley, following the resignation of political economist Katharine Coman, who had founded the Department. "	" That same year, Balch was promoted from Associate Professor to Professor of Political Economy and of Political and Social Science."	female
"She wrote, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide For Grace (2008) a spiritual memoir and travelogue and The Dude Abides: The Gospel According to the Coen Brothers (2009), both published by Zondervan. "	 Falsani is a correspondent and columnist for Religion News Service and a featured writer and correspondent for Sojourners.	female
"By 1830 the Female Factory was one of a number of institutions where convicts were employed, although it was the only one for women. "	" It was staffed by a matron, storekeeper, clerk, four assistants to matron, a portress, gate keeper and constable and seven monitresses."	female
She attended Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Johnson's School. 	" From 1893 to 1896, Weil worked as an editor and reader at Macmillan publishing house."	female
She became part of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Birmingham as a research fellow in the Centre for the Study of Global Ethics in 2001. 	" Widdows has continued to work there since, becoming a lecturer in 2003, senior lecturer in 2005, and professor of global ethics in 2009."	female
"Frances Fran Hamerstrom (December 16, 1907 – August 29, 1998) was an American author, naturalist and ornithologist known for her work with the greater prairie chicken in Wisconsin, and for her research on birds of prey. "	" Hamerstrom was a prolific writer, publishing over 100 professional papers and 10 books on the prairie chicken, harriers, eagles, and other wildlife topics."	female
"Her stormy marriages, her romances with famous stars, her forays into politics and feminist causes kept her name before the public. "	 That led to a second career as a writer.	female
She later decided in her late teens to use the two names to create her stage name. 	" Holofernes was not only the lead singer and guitarist of Wir sind Helden, but also the writer of the lyrics for the band's songs."	female
"They had six daughters and two sons: Their eldest child died within a year of her birth, and it was on this occasion that Carolina Oliphant, afterwards Baroness Nairne, wrote The Land of the Leal, which she sent to her old friend Mrs. Colquhoun. "	" Colquhoun was a good classical scholar, a sound lawyer, and an eloquent pleader."	female
"In at least one documented case (the trial of the White Rose conspirators), the defense lawyer assigned to Sophie Scholl chastised her the day before the trial, stating that she would pay for her crimes. "	 The presiding judge would read the charges and then call the accused forward for examination.	female
"Pittaway joined Chatelaine in 1997 as a freelance editor, and in 1999 started writing her monthly column Broadside. "	 Pittaway departed the magazine after 15 months as editor in chief due to conflicts with the Publisher.	female
"She started to work on crystal growth during her PhD, and by chance met Steve Weiner who was working on biomineralization. "	 Addadi returned to the Weizmann Institute of Science as an Associate Professor in 1988.	female
"She has a plaque in Richmond parish church, which calls her simply Miss Braddon. "	" Braddon was a prolific writer, producing more than 80 novels with inventive plots."	female
"She campaigned for public health and for the formal, legal allotment of land to members of the Omaha tribe. "	 Picotte was an active social reformer as well as a physician.	female
"In 2013, she was awarded York University's President's University-Wide Teaching Awards, in the senior full-time faculty category, in recognition of time spent on preparing and innovating the courses she teaches. "	 Bazely was also recognized as a Hotshot Professor in the Globe and Mail's 2014 Canadian University Report.	female
"From 1995 to 1998, she served as a part-time Commissioner of the Australian Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission. "	" Between 1998 and 2007, Evatt served two consecutive, five-year terms as a judge of a tribunal of the World Bank that determines staffing disputes."	female
"Between 1966 and 1968, she published three novels to critical acclaim: The Cat Who Could Read Backwards, The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern, and The Cat Who Turned On and Off. "	 The rising mystery writer then disappeared from the publishing scene for 18 years.	female
"While serving as Councilwoman of the City of Villa Park, Pauly received the 2009 Woman of the Year Award from the California Legislative Women's Caucus as part of the Caucus's Women's History Month observances. "	 Pauly served active duty in the United States Air Force as a Public Affairs Specialist.	female
"This worked continued until 1955, when she took up a post at Grosvenor Museum, Chester. "	 Pirie was appointed Assistant Curator at the Grosvenor Museum in 1955.	female
"Inspired by the Robert De Niro movie Midnight Run, Evanovich decided that her heroine would be a bounty hunter. "	" This occupation provided more freedom for Evanovich as a writer, as bounty hunters do not have a set work schedule and are not forced to wear a uniform."	female
Her articles drove circulation at McClure’s Magazine and The American Magazine and many of her books were popular with the general American public. 	" After a successful career as both writer and editor for McClure’s Magazine, Tarbell left with several other editors to buy and publish The American Magazine."	female
"Several years later, Döll began her research on global and regional modeling of water availability and use at the University of Kassel. "	" Döll is currently a professor of hydrology and researcher at the Institute of Physical Geography, Goethe University Frankfurt."	female
"Serrano has won her last two world title defenses, both decisions, one in ten rounds in Las Vegas and another one, a six-round win in Phoenix. "	 Serrano is also a lawyer.	female
"The assistant (usually a woman) is placed in an upright cabinet, her face, hands, and left foot visible through openings in the front of the cabinet. "	" Large metal blades are inserted horizontally in the cabinet's midsection, dividing it--and presumably the assistant inside--into thirds."	female
"Several institutions, schools and streets have been named after her: for instance, in the cities of Dresden, Solingen, Neuss and Calw. "	" It is also recalled that the doctor lived, studied and worked in the Bavarian capital Munich for many years."	female
She was unable to attend the ceremony in 2006 to honor her. 	 Abrosimova was a graduate assistant on that team so was invited to the ceremonies.	female
"Her more recent work has focused on self-portraiture and the depiction of interior, personal spaces, which attempt to demonstrate that a woman approaching her 40s can live alone in an apartment and produce significant artistic output. "	" Micu is a realist painter, working with photography, sketching, graphite drawings, and easel painting."	female
"After finishing school, she started working at Azzaro as an intern and later as an assistant to Vanessa Seward. "	" Àchaval de Montaigu retired from modelling and was hired by the American fashion magazine V as a stylist, eventually becoming the editor-at-large."	female
"In 1998 she was invited to Italy by the Gascal club, where she spent several weeks with her family. "	 Lobatch is a coach and judge for the Belarusian Gymnastics Federation.	female
"She subsequently broke the record later that year at the Memorial Van Damme in Brussels with a 4.92 m jump, her eighth world record of the season. "	 Isinbayeva was named World Athlete of the Year for winning the Olympic & World Indoor title and breaking the World record eight times.	female
"When Pohorylle moved to Paris in 1934 to escape the anti-Semitism of Hitler's Germany she met the photojournalist Endre Friedmann, a Hungarian Jew, learned photography and became his personal assistant. "	 Pohorylle began to work for Alliance Photo as a picture editor.	female
The women's 4 × 195 metres relay event at the 1969 European Indoor Games was held on 9 March in Belgrade. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 195 metres track.	female
"In a rage, Casmir confines her to her garden, barred on two sides by a steep ravine, the third by a wall and a locked gate, and the fourth by the sea. "	 Suldrun is content to be alone until one day a half-drowned sailor washes ashore.	female
"In 1967, her first novel, The Fat Woman's Joke was published. "	" I thought this was because I was a wonderful writer, But it wasn't."	female
She won the 2005 People Opposing Women Abuse Poetry Competition and has been awarded the 2006 Ernst van Heerden Creative Writing Award for her flash fiction. 	 Jobson is the poetry editor at the online magazine Mad Hatters' Review.	female
"Back in Germany, Proll's attempted murder charge was dropped when it was gathered that the state had withheld information that could have cleared her but she was still sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on account of bank robbery and falsifying documents; however, she had already spent at least two-thirds of that time in German and English prisons and therefore was released immediately. "	 Proll went on to study film and photography at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg and later became a picture editor for magazine and newspaper.	female
Gómez cites the support of Jenny Harrison and Donald Sarason for encouraging her to form relationships with mathematicians outside of UC Berkeley. 	 Gómez was an assistant professor of mathematics at Middlebury College.	female
"As a post doctoral fellow, she began a long-standing collaborative program of research with Marian Sigman, Peter C. "	 Kasari has served as the Principal Investigator of several Autism Center of Excellence Grants from the National Institutes of Health awarded to UCLA.	female
"In the section named Its Evidences Unreliable of her work Christianity, Besant presents the case of why the Gospels are not authentic: before about A.D. 180 there is no trace of FOUR gospels among the Christians. "	" Besides being a prolific writer, Besant was a practised stump orator who gave sixty-six public lectures in one year."	female
"The court denied the motion with a one-sentence statement likely written by Cardozo, If we assume that the plaintiff was nearer the scene of the explosion than the prevailing opinion would suggest, she was not so near that injury from a falling package, not known to contain explosives, would be within the range of reasonable prevision. "	" Posner doubted the sum was ever collected, noting that Palsgraf's family spoke to legal scholars and periodicals about the case in later years, and never mentioned an attempt to collect what would have been about a year's salary for the disabled former janitor."	female
Cortana has been recognized for her believability and character depth as well as her sex appeal. 	 The character was the inspiration for Microsoft's intelligent personal assistant of the same name.	female
"Days later, she jumped the two metres height for the first time on home soil at the IAAF Grand Prix Zagreb. "	" Although Hestrie Cloete won the competition overall, Vlašić's defeat of the psychological barrier and improved personal best was the highlight of the meeting and Cloete praised the young athlete's performance."	female
She went to graduate school at the University of Rhode Island where she obtained her Ph.D in Psychology in 1995 under the supervision of Bernice Lott. 	 Bullock has served as editor of the journal Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy.	female
"February 20, 2011) - as herself performing violin with Rihanna. "	 Nakano is also a music instructor.	female
She emigrated to New Zealand with her family at the age of eleven. 	" Smythe finished high school and started work on a communications degree, but left college to train as a fitness instructor."	female
The victory of Valla was important for the Fascist regime and the hostility of many leaders for the participation of women in athletic competitions started to decrease. 	" Mussolini used the victory of the Italian athlete for propaganda, as a demonstration of the strength of the Italian race."	female
She joined the Schweizerischer Werkbund in 1915. 	" From 1916 to 1929, Taeuber was an instructor at Zürich Kunstgewerbeschule in Switzerland, teaching embroidery and design classes."	female
"In the novel, a young woman lawyer goes to court to reclaim land for a native Band, but from the outset of the trial, things go badly, and a disturbing level of confrontation builds. "	" When the young lawyer and the aging judge journey back to their childhoods, it becomes clear that the courtroom drama merely brushes the surface of both wider and more personal dramas."	female
In 1988 she was made an associate professor at L'Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II. 	 Cifarelli was appointed full Professor at the University of Pisa in 1991.	female
Pavey surpassed her 1997 performance by reaching the final. 	 Pavey was pushed by another athlete into lane three in the final straight and was passed by a number of athletes.	female
"However, she did not pursue a modelling career because of her dislike of cosmetics and make-up. "	" Shortly after Suharto banned three magazines in 1994 (Tempo, Editor, and Detik) during the New Order era, Ayu joined Aliansi Jurnalis Independen (Alliance of Independent Journalists) to protest the ban."	female
"In 2002, she earned a M.Sc. in geography with a focus on human-environment relationships at Penn State College of Earth and Mineral Sciences (PSU). "	" From 2002 to 2004, López was an instructor in the department of geography at UPR-RP."	female
"She gave birth to two children, Princess Sentelweyinkhosi and Princess Sibusezweni. "	 Masango was a painter.	female
I only wish I had had her for the three years instead of the one. 	" The following year McPeak served as an assistant coach for Banachowski, whose Bruins repeated as national champions."	female
"In the 1940s, women were barred from a number of professions. "	" These included being a magistrate, diplomat, notary, customs officer, stock broker, and prison doctor."	female
"In the spring of 1900, Washburn received a telegram proposing her the warden's position at the Sage College of Cornell University. "	" Washburn was then offered an assistant professorship of psychology at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio."	female
The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts. 	 The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself.	female
"Between 1 June and 30 November 1944, she made three voyages to Europe, two from Norfolk, Virginia to Bizerte and one from Casco, Maine, to Bizerte. "	 During the voyages Hayter provided anti-submarine protection and transferred the division doctor to many merchant ships in the convoy needing medical assistance.	female
"From 1959 to 1960, she directed a survey of the Cataloging-in-Source experiment conducted by the Library of Congress; though her 1960 report was pessimistic about the possibility of a national project which would provide cataloging within published books, it was the prelude to the successful 1971 introduction of the Cataloging in Publication program. "	 Piercy served as the editor of the Journal of Cataloging and Classification from 1950 to 1956.	female
"In 1973, she received her doctorate from Erich Hubala at the University of Kiel with a thesis on Guido Reni. "	" From 1986 to 1991, Schmidt-Linsenhoff was co-editor of the art journal Kritische Berichte."	female
Sutcliff's early schooling was constantly interrupted by moving house and her illness. 	 Sutcliff then worked as a painter of miniatures.	female
She is also the editor in chief of the magazine. 	 This was announced via a contest in the magazine that culminated with a cover spread and article about its new editor.	female
"She represented England in the javelin, at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. "	 After a 17-year spell as an international athlete Holroyd retired in 2006 due to injury and moved into coaching.	female
She was raised on the edge of a reservation and attended a Catholic school. 	" (born 1962) Behar is a feminist, anthropologist, poet, writer, and professor."	female
"She is a member of the research program P1-0285, financed by the Slovenian Research Agency (ARRS) and led by Prof. Dragan Marušič, PhD. "	" Kutnar has been a member of the editorial board of the journal Ars Mathematica Contemporanea since 2016, serving as editor-in-chief from 2018."	female
"She tells them to meet her at the Cairo Café, where Abbott and Costello learn from a waiter that the medallion is cursed. "	 Rontru arrives and drags them to a doctor's office to get a look at the medallion under a fluoroscope.	female
"Another major architectural work was her 10-foot statue of Apollo, now destroyed, for the frontage of Drury Lane theatre. "	" Damer was also a writer, with one published novel, Belmour (first published on 1801)."	female
"Goldin's assistant lay in a box from which her feet, head and hands protruded. "	" This process was then reversed, and the assistant released unharmed."	female
Her first international tournament was Asian Football Confederation Women's Championship 2001 held in Chinese Taipei when she was only 17 years. 	" As a coach, Maymol and an AFC ‘A’ Coaching Certificate and is also an instructor for the AIFF ‘D’ License Instructors Course."	female
"She is a graduate of Bethlehem's Freedom High School and Villanova University, from which she holds both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in political science. "	" From 1987 to 1993, Boscola was a Northampton County deputy court administrator."	female
The judge threatened to have Kimes handcuffed during further court appearances if she persisted and restricted her telephone access to calls to her lawyers. 	" The judge contended that Kimes was attempting to influence the jury as they may have seen or heard any such interviews, and that there would be no cross-examination as there would be in court."	female
"In the appendix section of the novel, Ann Smith describes how she was inspired to write the fantasy. "	" Seola is a fantasy, revealed to the writer while listening to the performance of an extraordinary musical composition."	female
"She's a television character, and I'm an actress playing a hospital administrator, and I don't want to be in frumpy clothes. "	 I want to be a hot hospital administrator.	female
"In addition, she is affiliated with the youth organization La Cámpora. "	 Nahón was a professor at the National University of Quilmes and a CONICET scholar.	female
"She chose to use her mother's maiden name, Kridakorn. "	" After the coup, the PDRC transformed into the People's Democratic Reform Foundation (PDRF) with Chitpas serving as an assistant secretary."	female
"For her insightful social critique and powerful prose style, Cisneros has achieved recognition far beyond Chicano and Latino communities, to the extent that The House on Mango Street has been translated worldwide and is taught in U.S classrooms as a coming-of-age novel. "	" Cisneros has held a variety of professional positions, working as a teacher, a counselor, a college recruiter, a poet-in-the-schools, and an arts administrator, and has maintained a strong commitment to community and literary causes."	female
"On leaving Swansea in 2000, Rowett became Reader in Greek Culture at the University of Liverpool and then 2003 she moved to the University of East Anglia as a lecturer in philosophy. "	 Rowett became Reader in 2006 and then Professor of Philosophy in 2008.	female
"The player assumes the role of a knife thrower, and must throw knives at balloons on a rotating wheel with a female assistant strapped to it. "	" The assistant is not a target, and will scream if hit, as well as the screen getting covered in blood."	female
"In 2009, student Robin Yerkes secured Roanoke's fourth national championship when she won an individual championship in the Division III women's 400m track and field event. "	" Yerkes is the most decorated athlete ever to graduate from Roanoke, earning 12 All-American honors in multiple events."	female
"As well as endorsing luxury brands, Schiffer has appeared as the face of high street retailers including Mango and Accessorize, and had her ears pierced for the first time specially for the 2006 Autumn/Winter Accessorize campaign. "	 Schiffer was a judge on Fashion Fringe in 2011.	female
"She taught at the University of Technology, Sydney from 1978 to 1995, when she returned to the ANU to take up the Chair of History. "	 Curthoys was the Group of Eight Visiting Professor of Australian Studies at Georgetown University in 2003 and 2004.	female
In 1978 she went to Prague for four weeks to work with the protistologist Jiří Popovský. 	 Pfiester was an associate editor for the Journal of Phycology from 1980 to 1988.	female
"With this thesis, in 1920 she graduated from the University of Sheffield with the degree of MD, the first woman to do so. "	" Appointment as assistant medical officer of health for Blackburn, Lancashire, followed."	female
"The film essentially highlights the exploitation of Wuornos by those around her and questions the fairness of her trial, given the vested interests of the police. "	 The film was used by the defense in the Wuornos trial in 2001 to highlight the incompetence of Wuornos' original lawyer.	female
She was Editor and Head of Press at Random House Mondadori (until 2009). 	" Since 2016, Batallé has also been Editor and Founder of: Rata and Catedral, of the same publishing group."	female
She has also been recognized by the Kingston Historical Society as a prominent woman in Kingston society. 	 Machar was a prolific writer.	female
"Apart from her childhood years, Politkovskaya spent no more than a few weeks outside Russia at any one time, even when her life came under threat. "	 Politkovskaya worked for Izvestia from 1982 to 1993 as a reporter and editor of the emergencies and accidents section.	female
She was revising it at a nearby Starbucks when she realized that Miranda would describe something not as just blue 	" I was like, it'd be cool if half of that ended up in the movie, the writer says."	female
DioGuardi has worked with many popular artists; sales of albums on which her songs appear exceed 160 million worldwide. 	 DioGuardi served as a judge on American Idol for its eighth and ninth seasons.	female
"In 1985, she completed an honours undergraduate degree in one year, at the age of 19, from the Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. "	" While in Mexico, Tiesler fell in love with a young doctor, who died in 1987."	female
Tilling moved to the School of Social and Community Medicine at the University of Bristol in 2002 where she was appointed as senior lecturer and then reader in medical statistics. 	 Tilling was promoted to professor of medical statistics in 2011.	female
The women's 4 × 150 metres relay event at the 1967 European Indoor Games was held on 11 and 12 March in Prague. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 150 metres track.	female
Flanagan had been doing stand-up comedy for six months before she was spotted in December 1994 by the producer of Full Frontal. 	 Flanagan joined the cast as both a writer and performer in 1995.	female
"In her first year as Resident Director at Belvoir, Sarks directed an adaptation of Medea, which she co-wrote with Kate Mulvany. "	" Sarks had also worked, as assistant director and dramaturg, on another show nominated in that category, Thyestes."	female
"The 1984 publication of The House on Mango Street secured her a succession of writer-in-residence posts at universities in the United States, teaching creative writing at institutions such as the University of California, Berkeley and the University of Michigan. "	 Cisneros has also worked as a college recruiter and an arts administrator.	female
She spoke for the dockers at public meetings and on street corners. 	 Besant was a prolific writer and a powerful orator.	female
"She showed her work at group exhibitions in Copenhagen, Reykjavik and Bergen and in 1980 participated in a traveling exhibition of Faroese artists presented in Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Scotland, and Finland. "	" Lützen was married to, and later divorced, the Faroese painter Sámal Joensen-Mikines."	female
"However, after only one year she returned to the political scene as a personal secretary, this time in the Ministry of Finance. "	" The first cabinet Brundtland losing office to the cabinet Willoch following the 1981 election, Strand returned to work one more year as assistant secretary in the Ministry of Finance."	female
"She also appeared as herself in The Many Women of Fassbinder (1997), Midnight Journal (1990), Sophia: Ieri, oggi, domani (2007), Kulturzeit (2012), and Tutte le storie di Piera (2013). "	 Maraini is a prolific and well-known writer who continues to produce works today.	female
"In 1871 she married Major John Swiney (1832–1918), and devoted herself to becoming a full-time wife and mother. "	" Since 1890, Swiney was a feminist activist, lecturer, and writer in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire."	female
"In these competitions, Viktoria won the title The strongest woman in Ukraine. "	 The athlete has performed a dump truck wheel flip three times in 26 seconds.	female
"In 1990, she moved across the San Francisco Bay to the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), where she served as the Department Chair from 1993 to 1999 and was the Morris Herzstein Professor of Biology and Physiology at UCSF. "	 Blackburn became a Professor Emeritus at UCSF at the end of 2015.	female
"She continuously renews herself, having developed a personal avant-garde style with some influence from abstract expressionism and surrealism. "	" Outsider art is conventionally considered as one of the trends of informalism, but in this painter it is fused with neo-figurative art, an expressionist revival in modern form of figurative art."	female
"What now?, published in April 2008, is an essay based on a commencement speech she delivered at her alma mater in 2006. "	 Patchett is the editor of the 2006 volume of the anthology series The Best American Short Stories.	female
"At first she's reluctant to speak, fearing the Acolytes will kill the X-Men. "	 Voght eventually rejoins the Acolytes after the Professor's apparent death.	female
The book was a finalist for the Toronto Book Award and earned her the Canada-Japan Literary Award for the second time. 	 Sakamoto is also known as a writer of screenplays and essays on visual art.	female
She wrote nine episodes during its last two seasons. 	 Holzman went from story editor to executive story editor to a creator and writer of the show.	female
"Before she was nominated Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Wormuth served in the National Security Council as the Special Assistant to the President and the Defense Policy and Strategy Senior Director. "	" From 2009 to 2010, Wormuth was the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Homeland Defense."	female
"Thus, any estimation of her ability to thrive or even survive could be only speculative, though Lali's family described her as functioning normally. "	" A local doctor told reporters that the baby should be considered a healthy child who currently was living a normal life, a previously unknown occurrence among sufferers of the disorder."	female
"In 1951, she left Dawn, after editor Altaf Husain demanded that she focus her writing on issues relating to women, an apparent reference to an earlier message in which he suggested she write about cooking, child-rearing, and other matters of feminine concern. "	" Hamidullah founded a monthly magazine called the Mirror, and became its editor and publisher in 1952."	female
Ocelina - An attractive anthropomorphic female ocelot. 	 Ocelina works as Mezcal's assistant at the cantina.	female
"While writing it, she started a job as a mathematics and physics teacher at a secondary school, and was appointed as a physical geography and geology teacher at the Katholieke Leergangen in Tilburg. "	" Hol was appointed professor in 1945, succeeding Oestreich."	female
It is currently held by Dame Elizabeth Blackadder. 	 The position of portrait painter to the royal household is honorary and for life.	female
"Born in Brooklyn and raised on Long Island, she earned a bachelor of science in Education from Hofstra University in 1965; master's degree in Educational Psychology from Columbia University in 1972; Ed.M. in Learning and Reading Disabilities from Columbia University in 1975; and Ed.D. in Special Education "	" Kaufman has taught learning-disabled children and worked as a school psychologist, learning disabilities specialist, university professor, and founder-director of several psychoeducational clinics."	female
"The name, she later explained in an interview, referred to a woman who is industrious and helps her community... women are called ' obaa sima ' when they have made it through their own efforts – it is the embodiment of the traditional woman. "	" Abbam was owner, editor and principal contributor to the magazine."	female
The Sisters of St. 	" They are chaplains, foster parents, and pastoral ministers; they include a lawyer, drug and alcohol interventionists, counselors, retreat directors, and college professors."	female
"On April 7, 2000, Cryns was ordered to cease and desist the practice of medicine, nursing and midwifery by the Department of Professional Regulation, (DPR) since she was not a registered nurse in Illinois although she did have a license in Wisconsin. "	 A judge ruled Cryns had not violated any state regulations and vacated the agency's cease and desist order.	female
Rawlinson was practicing night flying with a trainer when her A-24 began to experience technical issues. 	" The instructor was thrown free, but Rawlinson was stuck in the front seat as the plane went up in flames, unable to open the plane's broken canopy lock."	female
"The impression given to the audience was that, because of the restraints and limited room in the box, the assistant's waist must have been in the path of the saw and she would surely have been cut through. "	" Finally the box was opened and the assistant, still with ropes attached, was revealed as unharmed."	female
In 2012 she became the Alfred Deakin Professor at Deakin University. 	 Forsyth is a research Professor at the University of the Basque Country in Spain.	female
"She completed another postdoctoral fellowship at the University of Zurich, where she worked with Volker Henn and Bernhard Hess. "	 Angelaki was made an Assistant Professor at the University of Mississippi in 1993.	female
"In 2006, she lost to Pat Martin. "	" Sterzer has written several Letters to the Editor since 2005, generally on political topics."	female
"A new edition of her book was published posthumously in Germany in 2003, again anonymously. "	 A controversy broke out when a literary editor revealed the author as Hillers.	female
She received a Ph.D. in English from the University of Southern California. 	 Trombley also served as assistant provost there.	female
Sleaford and Kesteven High School for Girls was established in 1902. 	" It has specialist art status, became an academy in 2011 and was judged to be good by Ofsted in 2013, at which time there were 825 pupils on roll, including those in the co-educational sixth form."	female
"In her capacity as a writer, she also became the first Hispanic opinion maker contributor for Facebook’s new platform “Bulletin.” "	" Arrarás is also an investigative reporter and writer, and has authored several books."	female
This suited Lynn very well since at one time she was the weight training coach for tennis superstar Martina Navratilova. 	" Later, Conkwright worked as the director of Weider Athlete Promotions and managed Weider contracted athletes."	female
The assistant's head and hands are seen sticking out of one section and her feet out of the other. 	 The box is then pushed together again and opened and the assistant emerges unharmed.	female
"In May 2018, she started a nonprofit Nap4Lyme, to raise awareness and money for the Disease. "	" McGee was the co-founder and editor of a health education site FYILiving.com, which was acquired by Action Factory."	female
"She grew up and attended school in Gaborone, where her parents were working. "	 Masisi is an accountant.	female
"She is best known for her still lives and landscapes, painted alla prima (in one sitting), in an energized, loose, wet-into-wet style. "	" As a plein aire landscape painter, Lafuente's primary areas of focus are cityscapes and seascapes."	female
"The two women walked roughly 100 yards (91 m) to the gangway and boarded, at which point Sztáray relaxed her hold on Elisabeth's arm. "	" Sztáray called for a doctor, but only a former nurse, a fellow passenger, was available."	female
"Women at Home was written by Louisa Knapp Curtis, wife of the magazine's publisher Cyrus H. "	" After a year it became an independent publication, with Knapp as editor for the first six years."	female
"From about the age of 12, she ran errands for the staff there and was put to work as an apprentice painter on July 13, 1936 at Leon Schlesinger Productions, home of Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies. "	" Sigall worked first as a cel painter, then later as an inker until 1944."	female
Deeb would then start using the nickname “the professor” and hosting a “5 minute rookie challenge” where she dominates her inexperienced adversaries. 	" Outside the ring, Deeb works as a yoga instructor."	female
"She later qualified the statement in an interview with the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant: Another thing I hated was that I read everywhere: now people finally know her, thanks to Beyoncé, or: she must be very grateful. "	" I thought: I am a writer and I have been for some time and I refuse to perform in this charade that is now apparently expected of me: 'Thanks to Beyoncé, my life will never be the same again.'"	female
"Her first combat experience came during the three-day Battle of Sokolovo (8–11 March 1943) when she was credited with killing seven German soldiers, earning her immediate ace status. "	 Ljalková later became a sniper instructor of the Czechoslovak and Soviet infantry.	female
In 1975 she was chosen the German Sportspersonality of the Year. 	 Tittel is a lawyer by profession.	female
"Finochio was born and raised in Long Island, New York, where she graduated from Lindenhurst Senior High School in 1989 before later graduating from Dowling College in 1994 with a Bachelor of Business Administration in accounting and a Bachelor of Arts in psychology. "	 Finochio has over twenty years of experience as a dancer and is a certified aerobics instructor.	female
She called for a bloody struggle against the exploiters and Ukrainian nationalism. 	" Nikiforova was appointed to the position of assistant deputy, but within weeks Makhno stepped down in dissatisfaction with the group's lack of radicalism."	female
"Born to Tanzanian and Indian parents, she is a lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on education law. "	 Pancholi was a practising lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on labour/employment and education law.	female
"Akkadevi (ಆಕ್ಕದೀವಿ in Kannada, also Akkādēvi, Akkā-dēvi), 1010-1064 CE was a princess of the Chalukya dynasty of Karnataka and governor of an area known as Kishukādu, situated in the present day districts of Bidar, Bagalkot and Bijapur. "	 Akkadevi was well known for being an able administrator and capable general.	female
"She received her Ph.D. from Purdue University in 1986, where she worked on molecular-beam epitaxy. "	 Kolodziejski joined the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Purdue University as an assistant professor in 1986.	female
"She became an invalid in her later years, and died on 28 May 1901. "	 Westcott was not a narrow specialist.	female
"McCaskill started with a large financial disadvantage, but she was also an experienced candidate with high name recognition. "	 McCaskill had run two successful campaigns for state auditor.	female
Mary Elkinton Nitobe lived in Japan until her death in 1938. 	 Nitobe was a prolific writer.	female
"Prior to this, she was Professor of eLearning at the Institute of Educational Technology in the UK's Open University. "	 Professor Conole was named an EDEN Fellow in 2013 and was awarded a National Teaching Fellowship from the Higher Education Academy and ASCILITE Fellow Award in 2012.	female
A strip of wood is pushed beneath her waist in line with the saw. 	 The saw visibly passes through the assistant and generally sounds like it is sawing through something.	female
"As an intern in the mid-90s, she became Executive Assistant to then editor-in-chief, Danyel Smith. "	" And later, editorial coordinator assisting the managing editor."	female
She lost in the quarterfinals against Luo Wei of China after injuring her knee. 	 Solheim is a well known athlete in Norway.	female
"The wound became infected and gangrene soon spread, crippling her and leaving her bedridden indefinitely. "	" With no money for a doctor or medicine, the young elf had little choice."	female
"She had also learned a number of circus skills, and obtained a driver's license by 1899. "	" Marvingt became a world-class athlete who won numerous prizes in swimming, fencing, riflery, shooting, skiing, speed skating, luge and bobsledding."	female
"In Philadelphia, she attended the Cheltenham High School, which inducted her posthumously into their Hall of Fame in 1999. "	" From an early age, Colwin was a prolific writer."	female
"Ringen earned her Ph.D. in Linguistics from Indiana University in 1975, with a dissertation entitled Vowel Harmony: Theoretical Implications. "	 Ringen was co-editor of the Nordic Journal of Linguistics from 2001–2015.	female
Lithiby continued with the work and in due course donated twenty watercolours to the Imperial War Museum which form a rare artistic record of the work of women in military service at the time. 	" From 1920 to 1939, Lithiby worked as a figure and landscape painter and muralist."	female
Lassie's head would turn to Lockhart who would deliver her line. 	" The sound editor would cut out all that, Lockhart said, You finally got to where you never heard the trainers."	female
Professor Neelu Rohmetra is the first woman director of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM). 	 Professor Rohmetra has held various academic leadership positions while serving as Professor of Management Studies in University of Jammu.	female
"In 2017, she was inducted into the Cal Athletic Hall of Fame. "	" Schott later worked as the assistant director of Tualatin Hills United Soccer Club, and coached as part of the Oregon Olympic Development Program."	female
"In support of her claim, she relied on case law from the ECHR. "	 The judge noted that Article 12 of the ECHR is equally predicated.	female
"In the coming years O'Keeffe would spend much of her time painting in New Mexico, while Stieglitz rarely left New York except for summers at his father's family estate in Lake George in the Adirondacks, his favorite vacation place. "	 O'Keeffe later said Stieglitz was a hypochondriac and couldn't be more than 50 miles from a doctor.	female
"Hamblin, famously discreet throughout her life, achieved some notoriety in 2015 when her leading role in the destruction of Graham Sutherland's portrait of Churchill was revealed. "	 Hamblin retired from the post of Administrator at Chartwell in 1973.	female
"As of 2021, her gold medal is the only one won by a Bulgarian at a Winter Olympic games. "	 Dafovska is an administrator from Chepelare.	female
"Her most recent work was in 2003, when at the age of 52 she appeared as a dancer in the film version of The Singing Detective. "	 Bergman worked as an instructor for the FIRM series of exercise videos in the 1980s.	female
"Laura Grimond was also the sister of another life peer, Mark Bonham Carter, (1922–1994) who was the victor of the 1958 by-election at Torrington. "	 Grimond was also a prolific writer of pamphlets: see the McManus biography (below) for a complete list of publications.	female
"In 2011, she participated in Sony TV's Maa Exchange along with mother Jaya Sawant. "	" Often appearing in reality shows as a host, judge or participant, Sawant is a regular stage performer."	female
"The problems were noticed when the women went for post-natal check-ups, and the gauze was removed. "	" After the incidents, the hospital has strengthened the episiotomy repair guidelines, which require the doctor to count the number of pieces of gauze together with a nurse after the procedure, to ensure that no gauze is retained in the patient's body."	female
"The motives which led me, as soon as I was 21, to enter a French Religious Order are worthy of little discussion, and less respect she begins. "	 This account includes being told by the Superior that if a doctor advised a surgical operation your Superiors will decide whether your life is of sufficient value to the community to justify the expense.	female
They deemed she did not use the prohibited substance for performance enhancement. 	" The substance in question--Lasix, not necessarily a performance-enhancing drug, but rather a potential masking agent for other banned substances--was contained in a cream the athlete had used for a leg injury."	female
She serves as an advisor to the Calgary Centre for Global Community and on the board of David Korten's People-Centered Development Forum. 	 Lappé is a Contributing Editor to YES!	female
"Although Müller has revealed little about the specific people or books that have influenced her, she has acknowledged the importance of her university studies in German and Romanian literature, and particularly of the contrast between the two languages. "	" The two languages, the writer says, look differently even at plants."	female
	" The bill would increase funding for treatment of addiction and allow nurses and physician assistants to treat addicts with medication, which Ayotte says would increase the treatment options available."	female
"Later, she completed a master's degree at Humphrey School of Public Affairs. "	 Glidden worked as an employment and civil rights lawyer for over a decade.	female
"From 1997 to 1998, Stang was an instructor in the Department of Food Science and Nutrition at University of Wisconsin–Stout where she taught courses in Maternal and Child Nutrition and Geriatric Nutrition and Medical Terminology. "	" From 1998 to 2005, Stang served as a continuing education specialist and project director for the leadership, education, and training program in maternal and child nutrition at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health."	female
"The Goupil, Tooths and Lefevre galleries were among the commercial concerns that showed her work. "	 Originally Engelbach was a portrait painter but later became a specialist flower painter who also painted landscapes.	female
"After her PhD, Herz was appointed a postdoctoral research fellow at St John's College, Cambridge, in 2001. "	 Herz became a Professor in 2010.	female
Her doping offence was confirmed on 13 September. 	 As a junior athlete Abitova finished eleventh in the 3000 metres at the 1999 World Youth Championships.	female
"As she found that art was not the path she wanted to follow, she dived into the world of medicine; Gomperts did not find her calling in the field of reproductive medicine until later on in her medical career. "	" After graduating from medical school, Gompert worked in a small hospital in Guiana as a trainee doctor."	female
"In 1976 she cofounded the journal Computers in Industry, serving as the editor-in-chief until 1991. "	" From 1976 to 1994, Karlmark founded and was editor-in-chief of Computers in Industry, an international journal of computer applications in industry."	female
