context	segment	gender
"By studying the histolotgic sections of the teeth of animals, he inspired a new discipline: the histo-physiology of teeth and surrounding structures. "	 Schour was an innovative teacher who ensured that dental professionals were kept abreast of non-dental research in the other sciences by founding the annual Midwest Seminar of Dental Medicine.	male
"In 1994–95, he conducted a research project for the New York Times on how to transform the print newspaper into a multimedia publication. "	" Ritchin is a prolific author and curator, focusing on digital media and the rapid changes occurring in photography."	male
He is the recipient of many academic honours (see below). 	" Giddens, the author of over 34 books and 200 articles, essays and reviews, has contributed and written about most notable developments in the area of social sciences, with the exception of research design and methods."	male
"I throw away most of what I write, he said in a 2006 interview. "	 I feel a lot of guilt about the freedom that being an artist provides.	male
"In clinical psychological practice in the United States, duty to warn requires a clinician who has reasonable grounds to believe that a client may be in imminent danger of harming himself or others to warn the possible victims. "	 Duty to warn is among the few exceptions to a client's right to confidentiality and the therapist's ethical obligation to maintain confidential information related in the context of the therapeutic relationship.	male
"In the ensuing months, he conceded parts of the allegations, telling Christianity Today that there had been only thirteen members of his coven, not 1,500 as originally claimed, and that of those thirteen, the whereabouts of five were unknown to him, while the other eight had since died. "	" Initially, Word Records stated that they would stand by their artist."	male
"He died in Plovdiv, Bulgaria in 1966. "	 Mandzhukov is the author of several books devoted to the revolutionary struggles from 1895 to 1903.	male
He also directed numerous TV dramas as well as short films and documentaries. 	" The author of the awarded theatre play, Bashkeshortet and playwright of others staged in Kosovo."	male
He appeared in stage productions throughout college and continued on stage long after his tour of duty in Vietnam. 	 Savini served as a combat photographer during the Vietnam War.	male
"In 1995, he made an appearance on Broadway, providing the voice of the titular book in the 1995 revival of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. "	" Cronkite was a finalist for NASA's Journalist in Space program, which mirrored the Teacher in Space Project, an opportunity that was suspended after the Challenger disaster in 1986."	male
He received his M.A. in English from McGill University in 1928 and his Ph.D. in the discipline from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1935. 	" Professionally, Hayakawa was a linguist, psychologist, semanticist, teacher, and writer."	male
"Slap-guitarist Miyavi, who has his roots in visual kei, has toured worldwide extensively since 2008, when his This Iz The Japanese Kabuki Rock Tour 2008 tour covered a distance of approximately 48,385 miles, equivalent to almost two trips around the world, and the majority of the concerts were sold out and covered extensively by media organizations. "	 It was the most successful international tour undertaken by a Japanese artist in history.	male
"He then went to Sydney and then Melbourne holding exhibitions of his work, and died of cancer in Melbourne on 3 January 1939. "	" Evergood was a capable artist, who mostly painted landscapes in oil with affinities to the post impressionists."	male
"In 2006 he became Associate Professor at Istanbul Bilgi University, and in 2008 Professor of Turkology at the Institute for the Near and Middle East of the University of Munich. "	" Neumann is the author, publisher and translator of several books on the subject."	male
"Born in Port de Grave, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada), he was the fourth of the seven children of Robert Prowse and Jane Woodley. "	 Prowse is the author of A History of Newfoundland which is considered one of the most complete and meticulous colonial history books in existence.	male
The Berlin Collection of Classical Antiquities in the Altes Museum contains the remnants of a series of his votive tablets. 	 Placing such an order with a potter and vase painter is likely to be unique in antiquity and is evidence of the high reputation of this artist.	male
"In 2012 and 2013, Cabrera was nominated by his team for the Roberto Clemente Award, honoring the MLB player who best represents baseball on and off the field. "	 Cabrera is both a Catholic and a practitioner of Santería.	male
"But Wilders did not want to cooperate, the Dutch right splintered, and Spruyt decided to end his brief political career after six months. "	" After leaving politics, Spruyt entered a life as an independent consultant, journalist, teacher, writer and speaker."	male
"When Birmelin retired in 1950, Buesgen was given Birmelin's post - a position he would hold for the remainder of his life. "	" Buesgen also actively worked as a piano, organ and voice teacher in Allentown, and served as organist and choirmaster for a number of local churches."	male
Among the authors whose works he has examined are Edward Said and Yvonne Vera. 	" Zeleza is the author of scores of articles and essays and more than two dozen books, including the following"	male
"Kucan appeared on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura on truTV, where he was enlisted by Ventura as the resident skeptic. "	 Kucan is the author of the novel Full Contact: The Collected Stories.	male
"A Complete Course of Lithography combined Senefelder's history of his own invention with a practical guide to lithography, and remained in print as recently as 1977 (Da Capo Press). "	" Unlike previous printmaking techniques, such as engraving, that required advanced craft skills, lithography facilitated greater accuracy and textural variety, because the artist could now draw directly onto the plate with familiar pens."	male
"He is the father of Simon Festing, the former executive director of the Research Defence Society, which focuses on supplying information about, and defending, the use of animals in medical experiments in the UK. "	 Festing is the author of over 200 scientific papers on laboratory animal genetics and related issues.	male
It is his first non-fiction book. 	" The author notes in the foreword of the 1994 reprint of this book that medical practices (both the culture, technology and finances) have changed significantly since the book was written, but that the text was left as is to give us a more complete glimpse into the past."	male
"It was first published in 1841 as the first volume of his Bells and Pomegranates series, in a low-priced two-column edition for sixpence, and next republished in his collected Poems of 1848, where it received much more critical attention. "	 The author described the work as the first of a series of dramatic pieces.	male
"Since a journal is written from the perspective of each day, Mountstuart's moods change as events affect him. "	" The form lends itself to plotlessness, since the author/narrator inevitably cannot see the overall structure of the story."	male
"One installation/performance work from this period, perhaps his best known work, is Seedbed (January 15–29, 1972). "	 One motivation behind Seedbed was to involve the public in the work's production by creating a situation of reciprocal interchange between artist and viewer.	male
Between the second half of 1780s until his death in 1802 Argunov did not paint but spent all his time managing different estates and businesses of the Sheremetevs. 	 Argunov was an important teacher of art.	male
Hazlitt's fascination with the extremes of human capability in any field led to his writing The Fight (published in the February 1822 New Monthly Magazine). 	 This essay never appeared in the Table-Talk series or anywhere else in the author's lifetime.	male
"Since 1976, he has worked as a freelance writer. "	" Maar is the author of a large number of novels, short stories and plays."	male
"In the United States, the song peaked at number 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart, the first hit for Presley since 1981, and extending his list of charted singles into the 21st century. "	" The sit-down sections of the special were a forerunner of MTV Unplugged, showing for the first time an artist in a casual setting."	male
"Wiinblad illustrated the work of his fellow Dane, Hans Christian Andersen, when he took on the task of providing the artwork for The Swineherd(195 ) which won an award from the American Library Association. "	 Wiinblad was an important designer for the Rosenthal porcelain company.	male
"In the course of this work, he discovered that not all gases expand equally when heated and that Boyle's Law is only an approximation, especially at temperatures near a substance's boiling point. "	 Regnault was also an avid amateur photographer.	male
"He was later appointed as a Civil, Commercial and Labor Judge on the Comodoro Rivadavia circuit and on the Chamber of Appeals of both Trelew and Comodoro Rivadavia. "	 Guinle entered politics as Government Secretary for the Municipality of Comodoro Rivadavia in 1986.	male
He has two daughters and a son. 	 Vaiko is now the general secretary of the MDMK party.	male
"In September that year, he was appointed a deputy secretary in the Department of Supply, rising to the rank of full secretary by 1945. "	" Patel became Home Secretary under Vallabhbhai Patel in 1946, serving till 1950."	male
It was maintained that he appropriated the thoughts of his teacher Hasdai Crescas without giving him due credit. 	" Crescas having been Albo's teacher, the similarities are only such as might be reasonably expected in the writings of both teacher and student."	male
Preparation for any role was very important for him. 	" The dancer says, It is desirable to know everything about the ballet, about the character, the composer, the choreographer – everything."	male
His best known work is They Shoot Horses (2004) consisting of two videos each lasting seven hours and shown at the same time on different walls. 	 This is a record of a disco dance marathon staged by the artist with nine Palestinians in Ramallah.	male
Kitani had his stroke when he was chatting with Go. Kitani died 6 months after. 	 Kitani was subsequently noted as the most prolific teacher ever of future professional players.	male
There isn't any record of Mr. Hewes ever relinquishing his Quaker membership nor is there any evidence that he was disowned by any Friends Monthly Meeting. 	" At the beginning of the year 1776, Hewes was appointed as the new Secretary of the Naval Affairs Committee."	male
Bloom went on to write his thesis on Isocrates. 	" Grene recalled Bloom as an energetic and humorous student completely dedicated to studying classics, but with no definite career ambitions."	male
"Lázaro states that the motivation for his writing is to communicate his experiences of overcoming deception, hypocrisy, and falsehood (engaño). "	" Lázaro shares some of the traits of the central figure of Encolpius, a former gladiator, though it is unlikely that the author had access to Petronius' work."	male
	 A surrogate's life may be very similar to that of the author.	male
"While the opposing team's starting lineup is announced, the student section shakes newspapers, and after each name chants, So What Who Cares Who's He? "	" Each time an opposing player commits a foul the student section chants the number of fouls that player has, and every time a K-State player sinks a three-point basket, the announcer says the name of the player followed by for, and then the crowd echoes three!"	male
"At any rate, Philotas, the physician of Amphissa, used to tell my grandfather, Lamprias, that he was in Alexandria at the time, studying his profession, and that having got well acquainted with one of the royal cooks, he was easily persuaded by him (young man that he was) to take a view of the extravagant preparations for a royal supper. "	" But the cook burst out laughing and said: The guests are not many, only about twelve; but everything that is set before them must be at perfection, and this an instant of time reduces."	male
"In 1994, he began his union career as a trainee organiser under the ACTU's Organising Works program at the Australian Workers' Union (AWU), before being elected Victorian state secretary in 1998. "	 Shorten was elected as the AWU's national secretary in 2001 and was re-elected in 2005.	male
"He alternated the drawing of Nippur de Lagash with his creator, Lucho Olivera. "	" Mulko is the artist who has drawn more episodes of Nippur; more than 150 in two stages: between 1972 and 1976, and between 1988 and 1994."	male
"As Patriarch of Venice, Scola put Summorum pontificum into effect. "	" Scola is the author of numerous theological and pedagogical works on topics such as bio-medical ethics, theological anthropology, human sexuality and marriage and the family, which have been translated into several languages."	male
"In 1849, he was appointed to a teaching post in Ajaccio (Corsica), then in 1853 moved on to the lycée in Avignon. "	" Fabre was a popular teacher, physicist, chemist and botanist."	male
Thereafter he was an inmate at Brandenburg-Görden Prison in Brandenburg an der Havel until 1945. 	" From 1945 to 1946, Seibt was the first secretary of the Brandenburg district leadership and a member of the KPD Brandenburg state leadership."	male
"He attended the University of Hawaii, where he received his bachelor's and master's degrees. "	" Originally a high school teacher, Akaka went on to serve as a principal for six years."	male
"In 1916, Schulz Solari first signed his work Xul Solar,” ostensibly for the purposes to simplify the phonetics of his name, but an examination of the adopted name reveals that the first name is the reverse of lux,” which means light in Latin. "	" Combined with solar, the name reads as the light of the sun, and demonstrates the artist's affinity for the universal source of light and energy."	male
"He coloured his figures with strong and bright tint and frequent interchanges of red and green, blue and yellow. "	" The combination of the sculptural and the pictorial bears witness of the artist's complexity and expressiveness with additional help of naturally blooming forms, and nearly fauvist, wild tint."	male
"In Panorama Developments (Guildford) Limited v Fidelis Furnishing Fabrics Limited [1971] 2 QB 711, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the knowledge of the managing director. "	 A company secretary routinely enters into contracts in the company's name and has administrative responsibilities that would give apparent authority to hire cars.	male
"French quoted Blavatsky as saying: No author in the world of literature ever gave a more truthful or more poetical description of these beings than Sir E. Bulwer-Lytton, the author of Zanoni. "	" This novel is especially important for followers of occultism because of the suspicion--actively fostered by its author--that the work is not a fictional account of a mythical fraternity, but an accurate depiction of a real brotherhood of immortals."	male
"In 1912 the novel Dry Valley (Суходол) came out, his second major piece of semi-autobiographical fiction, concerning the dire state of the Russian rural community. "	" Again it left the literary critics divided: social democrats praised its stark honesty, many others were appalled with the author's negativism."	male
"In 1960, he married French-Canadian Janick Larouche, whom he met in a language class in Toronto, and with whom he had sons Pierre and Hans. "	" Professionally, Zündel worked as a graphic artist, photographer, photo retoucher, and printer."	male
"Lecocq enjoyed an early success in 1856, when he and Georges Bizet shared the first prize in a competition for composers of comic opera, organised by Jacques Offenbach. "	" Lacking the connections to secure commissions from Parisian theatres, Lecocq spent the next decade in obscurity and routine work as a teacher, accompanist and répétiteur."	male
Secretary of the Navy during 1962–63; he was also an Assistant Secretary of the Army in 1952–53. 	 Various sources cite different reasons for Secretary Korth's departure.	male
"He was a principal player in the coup against Khrushchev in October 1964, obviously influencing the KGB to support the conspirators. "	 Shelepin probably expected to become First Secretary and de facto leader of the USSR when Khrushchev was overthrown.	male
He is best known internationally for his comprehensive two-volume The Structure and Reproduction of the Algae; However his A Treatise of the British Freshwater Algae was also important. 	 Fritsch became a co-author of the revised edition in 1927.	male
Ørsted himself recounted how he influenced Zeise through conversations and encouraged him when he expressed the desire to take the university entrance examination (Examen artium). 	 Zeise became a university student in 1809.	male
"He appeared as such by his work in three volumes, published in 1835 with the title: Observations sur le projet de révision du Code pénal. "	 This work could not miss drawing the attention to its author.	male
"A few days later, Dr. Van Ness explains the situation to the Secretary of Defense, informing him that, in spite of all the setbacks, the project is still on schedule, and that a working model of the space station is about to be launched into orbit. "	 The Secretary notes with satisfaction: Nothing will take us by surprise again!	male
"He is now a choreographer and dancer, and he is a member of the dancing group Oyaji dancers, where oyaji is a faintly derogatory Japanese word literally meaning dad but also used for middle-aged men in general. "	 Suzuki made a brief appearance as a dancer in the video for the song O!	male
"Outside of men's curling, Ramsfjell and his sister Maia represented Norway at the 2018 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship. "	" As of 2019, Ramsfjell was a masters student in electrical engineering."	male
"The artist currently lives and works in the outskirts of Cali, where he devotes his time both to the exploration of painting and artistic materials and techniques. "	 The artist's online magazine has been discontinued as of 2007.	male
The symbols that Haki Xhakli communicates in his paintings are universal and autochthonous. 	 The inevitable symbol which is present in almost every painting of the artist is the horse.	male
	" According to one student, Medvedev was a popular teacher; strict but not harsh."	male
"The anonymous author recounts the story of their bequest of the lands to the parish to support the annual dole, and goes on to say that despite the antiquity of the events described, he has no doubt as to their authenticity. "	" As with all accounts of the tradition prior to 1790 the author does not mention their alleged birth in 1100, or the name of Chulkhurst; these details first appeared in a broadside published in 1790."	male
"He continued his active support of ultra-royalist views until his death, which took place in Paris on 17 January 1825. "	" Besides a large number of political pamphlets, Ferrand was the author of:"	male
"In this time of personal crisis, he became famous In Hamburg for scrawling and scribbling all over the city, using mailboxes, billboards, traffic signs and subway stations and leaving whenever possible his business card: Peter-Ernst Eiffe, Wandsbeker Chaussee 305, 2000 Hamburg 22, including the phone number. "	 Eiffe was also magically attracted by the student movement.	male
"Under the clouds from the gas chambers, as he put it in his seminal work on Juan Gris. "	" Kahnweiler was very prolific as an author, but never produced a full autobiography."	male
At the center of his music is the sound of what is real. 	" The sum total of these varying components is an awesome knowledge, consumed and then shared by an artist who is free enough to do both."	male
"He sat down, took a couple of rolls, and he had it. "	" The original concept was to paint the picture from edge to edge, with no bleeding, title or artist credit – a concept that went against music industry practice and was immediately vetoed by EMI."	male
"He delivered a paper at the First Migraine Symposium in 1966 on Migraine: from Cappadocia to Queen Square, combining his clinical interest with his love of history. "	" Critchley was a handsome and impressive figure, a superb speaker and a lifelong student of the human mind."	male
"To cure the psychological maladjustment, [it's necessary] to catch him in his true state. "	" Blummer was surprised by these provisions, saying, I don't know of any time when such monitoring has been used on an artist."	male
"Similarly, he has found that people look to external behavior in evaluating biases in others, but engage in introspection when evaluating their own. "	" Gilovich was an early author in the clustering illusion, which is closely related to the hot hand fallacy, and is the tendency to see clusters of data in a random sequence of data as nonrandom."	male
"In the 1950s, Mazniashvili's son, a World War II veteran of the Soviet army, submitted a request for a political rehabilitation of his father, but this was turned down by the authorities. "	 Maznashvili is the author of the popular Soldier’s Memoirs.	male
"He moved to Sarajevo in September, 1909, and worked as a curator and later administrator at the National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina, this period started his intensive years of working. "	 Ćorović was also a secretary of the Serbian cultural society „Prosvjeta“ in Sarajevo and organizer of its annual publication (Calendar) of 1911.	male
"He contacted Lawrence Weschler, a writer at The New Yorker, and helped organize Shapinsky's first one-man show, at London's Mayor Gallery. "	" As a result, Shapinsky became a 'revived artist' as an abstract impressionist."	male
Davis was then sentenced to a six-month prison term where he was able to do some research. 	 Opinions expressed in this paper are the author's and are not necessarily those of the Bureau of Prisons.	male
"He dissected and illustrated numerous creatures; his anatomical drawing of a sea urchin is the earlier extant depiction of an invertebrate and he found important anatomical similarities between dolphins, pigs and humans. "	 Rondelet was a popular and effective teacher and lecturer and was elected chancellor of Montpellier University in 1556.	male
"As one of the largest conservationist organizations in the country,[citation needed] The Wilderness Society has contributed to nearly all major designations of lands to be entered into the wilderness system.[citation needed] The Wilderness Society was incorporated on April 30, 1937, by a group of eight men who would later become some of the 20th century's most prominent conservationists. "	" Yard became the Society's first secretary and the editor of its magazine, The Living Wilderness."	male
His work was originally designed for the gate of Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome. 	" The first design was ready in 1970 but, due to a series of historical events it was only inaugurated in 1983 in the presence of the artist, who was by then seriously ill."	male
František was the first non-British pilot to have a bar added to his Distinguished Flying Medal when he posthumously received one on 28 October 1940. 	" Janoušek also quoted the anonymous author of the 1941 book Together we Fly, A Salute to Airmen, who called František the greatest of all Czechoslovak pilots, perhaps one of the greatest fighters of all time."	male
"Additionally, he served as a playoff reinforcement for the Pastora de Los Llanos and Cardenales de Lara, making him one of few players to wear all uniforms in the eight-team league. "	" Starting 2009, Álvarez engaged on a musical career as a reggaeton artist."	male
"This affected his view of the overall relationship between the sexes, and of course his writing. "	" The play, called by Strindberg the child of my greatest pain, reflects the author's observation that life is an illusion, similar to a dream."	male
"He is also a member of the group Dilated Peoples, as well as being one-half of Step Brothers with The Alchemist. "	" Before creating music, Perretta was a graffiti artist."	male
"In 1957, he went to the United States to study at the University of California, Berkeley, and was a research assistant to Seymour Martin Lipset. "	 Etzioni is the author of over 30 books.	male
"Bates is a good and stylish writer; he has an ear for the pithy phrase, and reading him is generally a pleasure. "	" This book, based on original scholarship, vast knowledge of a rapidly changing global field, and the arcana of many loosely linked disciplines brings the skills and interests of its polymath author together for a supremely important purpose."	male
"Senate seat two years earlier, died barely a year into his term. "	 Bloxham was named Secretary of State.	male
"After the war, he enrolled at the University of Louisville and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948 and a law degree in 1950. "	 Cook was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1957 and again in 1959.	male
"Charles E. Dvorak of the C.A.A. then demonstrated his class, and from the 11-foot mark he competed alone, the other four men being tied at that mark. "	" After retiring from athletic competition, Dvorak worked over the next 35 years as a lawyer, apple farmer, civil servant, athletic coach and teacher."	male
He ran for the governorship of Cebu in 1931 and became the President of the League of Provincial Governors of the Philippines. 	 Cuenco was Secretary of Public Works and Communications from 1936 to 1939.	male
	 McKay was elected student body president in 1916.	male
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet nurse; the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home. 	" When the Balzac children returned home, they were kept at a frosty distance from their parents, which affected the author-to-be significantly."	male
"But it is the potential insight into the sonnets' chronology, through the relationship of this to Time's pencil and my pupil pen, that is the focus of the debate: George Steevens regards the words as evidence Shakespeare wrote his sonnets as a youth; for T. W. "	" While in general terms Time is in this line a form of artist (rather than a destroyer, as elsewhere in the cycle), its exact function is unclear."	male
Various attempts have been made to clear up the error concerning the mention of Tyre as a subsequent bishopric of Methodius; it is possible that he was transported to Tyre during the persecution and died there. 	" Methodius had a comprehensive philosophical education, and was an important theologian as well as a prolific and polished author."	male
"By 1748 his novel Clarissa was published in full: two volumes appeared in November 1747, two in April 1748, and three in December 1748. "	" Unlike the novel, the author was not faring well at this time."	male
He has been awarded the Overseas Press Club's Robert Capa Gold Medal five times and two World Press Photo awards. 	 Nachtwey has worked with Time as a contract photographer since 1984.	male
"His ashes were scattered in Cornish, New Hampshire, by his longtime friend Charles Platt. "	" Benediction (1923), now lost, gained greatest sum for a work by a living American artist"	male
"In a 2019 interview with CNBC, he told how he sees great potential with Lyft and even though the company went public in 2018, he is bullish on the company and will be invested in it for a long time. "	 This marks the first time an honor of this kind has been bestowed upon a rap artist.	male
"Paul intervenes and overpowers him, but he wriggles free. "	 The librarian is then run over by a car in front of the library and apparently killed.	male
Durrio tried to help his poverty-stricken friend in Tahiti by promoting his oeuvre in Paris. 	 The 1906 exhibition of Gauguin's work left Picasso more than ever in this artist's thrall.	male
He was able to use this talent effectively when he became manager of the South African government's Native Labour Bureau and adviser to the Native Recruiting Corporation for the Chamber of Mines at a time of increasing industrial unrest. 	" Taberer was the Secretary for Zululand in 1894, an acting magistrate in Eshowe, Zululand in 1895."	male
"He was educated at Dungourney National School, Rockwell College, County Tipperary, and University College Dublin where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Politics and Psychology. "	" For a brief period in the early 1970s, Ahern worked as a secondary school teacher."	male
"Again on Wright's report, Lowin is supposed to have originated the role of Bosola in The Duchess of Malfi, and he was probably also the original Flaminius in Philip Massinger's Believe as You List. "	" Lowin was the author of a single literary work (as far as is known), a brief pamphlet titled Conclusions upon Dances that was first printed in 1607."	male
"The Polish writer Bolesław Prus, for the sake of making a point, introduces into chapter 63 of his historical novel Pharaoh, set in the ancient Egypt of 1087–1085 BCE, a substance that behaves like gunpowder. "	" Another apparent anatopism introduced by the author (in chapter 45) is an object that resembles a telescope, that may also be an anachronism."	male
"Through this piece and his other performance works, Brus hoped to reveal the still fascist essence of the nation. "	 Brus also was editor of the Schastrommel (author's edition) from 1969 on.	male
"CP Leblond was born in Lille, France, in 1910, the son of a building contractor who died when Leblond was only 10 years old, leaving his mother to raise four boys on her own. "	" A brilliant student, Leblond debated becoming a film producer, an architect or a scientist."	male
"He is also a fan of football and follows his hometown professional football team, FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. "	 Medvedev is an avid amateur photographer.	male
"As part of the war effort Blickensderfer converted much of his factory to produce munitions for the war, including a machine gun belt feed for the French government and 50 caliber machine gun mounts for aircraft. "	" With the brilliant chief engineer and designer gone, the company could not continue, and the heirs sold the company in 1919."	male
"He was a staunch defender of Captain Alfred Dreyfus, whom he considered an innocent man. "	 The artist's suspicions were substantiated after one of Dreyfus's accusers broke down under interrogation.	male
"“Dictators are stupid,” he noted, “They won’t necessarily read between the lines.” "	" As a young artist in Baghdad in the 1980s, Alfraji worked as an animator for children's television."	male
"However he often spent long periods at the Château de Saché, near Tours, the home of his friend Jean de Margonne, his mother's lover and father to her youngest child. "	 Today the chateau is a museum dedicated to the author's life.	male
"In 1993 Jungnickel joined Augsburg University where he occupies the chair for discrete mathematics, optimisation, and operations research. "	 A reviewer notes that The author does a beautiful job showing and developing the practical applicability of the fascinating area of finite field theory.	male
"A third review, while not identifying any specific themes, said the author was layering his themes to make the book more exciting. "	 One of my goals as an author is to explore various aspects of human nature.	male
"In 1978, he became a Presidential elector, a position he also held in 1982 and 1998. "	" From 1979 to 1980, Aho was Political Secretary to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs."	male
"The title page introduces the book as the history of King's-Place and other modern nunneries, with authorship by a monk of the Order of St Francis, and containing their [the nunneries'] mysteries, devotions and sacrifices, comprising also, the ancient and present state of promiscuous gallantry: with the portraits of the most celebrated demireps and courtezans of this period: as well as sketches of their professional and occasional admirers. "	 The modern nunneries the author describes are contemporary high-class brothels.	male
Golwalkar was the only surviving son of nine children. 	 Golwalkar studied science and was apt and apolitical as a student.	male
His memoir of Alkan in his book Les Pianistes célèbres is nonetheless one of the most valuable sources for Alkan's biography. 	 Marmontel achieved renown as an effective and imaginative teacher.	male
"In 1794, Lagrange was appointed professor of the École Polytechnique; and his lectures there, described by mathematicians who had the good fortune to be able to attend them, were almost perfect both in form and matter.[citation needed] Beginning with the merest elements, he led his hearers on until, almost unknown to themselves, they were themselves extending the bounds of the subject: above all he impressed on his pupils the advantage of always using general methods expressed in a symmetrical notation. "	 But Lagrange does not seem to have been a successful teacher.	male
"He is reputed to have led a secluded Islamic life as a marabout until his death on 14 October 2017 in Sévaré, aged 77. "	" It was met with wide critical acclaim, winning the Prix Renaudot that very year, the first African author to do so."	male
"While there, he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. "	 Toobin began freelancing for The New Republic while a law student.	male
"Five of Unaipon's traditional stories were published in 1929 as Native Legends, under his own name and with his picture on the cover. "	" They have been republished in their original form, under the author's name, as Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines."	male
"The year 1939 saw the publication of his best work, Matthĳs Maris: de tragiek van den droom ('The Tragedy of the Dream'), a biography of the painter Matthijs Maris, who was a brother of the Dutch artists Jacob and Willem Maris. "	" Two years later, Figuren en problemen der monumentale schilderkunst in Nederland ('Figures and Problems of Monumental Painting in the Netherlands') was published, again with designs by the author."	male
"This led to him being harshly attacked in the 1920s by the proletarian musician movement, especially by the representatives of the RAPM Russian Association of Proletarian Musicians and Prokoll (Production Collective of the Students at the Moscow Conservatory). "	" Roslavets was accused of being a counter-revolutionary and bourgeois artist, alien to the proletariat, as well as formalist, a class enemy and in the late 1920s and early 1930s, a Trotskyist, saboteur; etc."	male
"For a brief period after his graduation, he worked as a stonemason, producing gravestones in Berlin. "	 Hartwig accepted the offer going on to serve as a teacher and head of the sculpture department from 1921 to 1925.	male
"Apart from his parliamentary activities, Bellenger wrote a column for the Sunday Pictorial under the byline Voice of the Services. "	" When the Labour Party returned to government with a landslide at the 1945 general election, Bellenger was appointed Financial Secretary to the War Office."	male
"After the season, Zombo announced his retirement from the game. "	 Zombo is an accomplished artist who has worked on projects like the promotional issue of the City of Heroes comic book.	male
"At Eton he developed an interest in ornithology, guided by science master W. "	 Piggy was a genius as a teacher ...	male
"As a result of his family's hunting activities, motifs of dissection started to appear in his works around 2011, with some aspects of it already evident in works from previous years. "	" The work Fur Skin Skeleton is considered the first to bare such style, according to the artist."	male
"He's using his blood to make them interesting, but when you look at them they're what any four-year-old can do. "	 The photos gained praise for depicting a much cleaner and more handsome Doherty.	male
"However, his artistic expression has since focused almost entirely on the preservation of Mexican and Durango traditions. "	 Núñez's career as an artist has spanned over forty years.	male
Goncharov used a lot of dialogue within his works. 	" Therefore, the characters in Oblomov reveal themselves primarily through their own speech, with very limited comments by the author."	male
"Although he has done boxing and mixed martial arts, he is mainly a football player, playing twice a week. "	" As an elementary and high school student, Cuenca played as a football varsity player for PAREF Southridge School."	male
"In the midst of it, Kōji temporarily loses his voice and is forced to go back to his brother and family. "	" Due to the manga artist's illness, the manga ended at volume 19 without a proper ending."	male
"According to al-Jawbari in his book Kashf al-Asrar (Unveiling the Secrets)members of the Haydariyya dervish order took Hashish before staging their performances of self-mutilation, in order to numb the pain. "	 The author was a conjuror whose writing was an exposé of not only magic tricks but also the 'dodges' of beggars and other 'low-life'.	male
"He is currently a visiting professor at King's College London where he works with the Policy Institute at King's, a visiting professor at the Cass Business School, a board member of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and a visiting fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. "	" Willetts is the author of several books on conservatism, including Why Vote Conservative (1996) and Modern Conservatism (1992), as well as numerous articles."	male
"He also campaigned for the British government to do their part by preserving a Second World War airfield in its original condition for future generations to see, and for the history of each airfield to be recorded fully and the men and sacrifice never forgotten. "	 The book took 18 months to compile and drew upon the author's knowledge and experience working in airfields and documenting their history.	male
I am the Ietada who wishes to bequeth his name to generations to come. 	 Ietada is singled out as an example of the honor of samurai and prowess by the author of Hogen Monogatari:	male
"Not only did he continuously treat new subjects, he is also known, upon popular demand, to have reworked at his Beyoğlu atelier some of his earlier studies of Damascus, Beirut and Egypt from sketches at hand, selling most of them to his Levantine clients. "	" During this formative period in the Turkish art of painting and its milieu, the artist was, therefore, far-removed from the new developments."	male
"Today, the ordinary uniform for male undergraduate students consists of a plain white shirt with long or short sleeves and black (or dark blue) trousers. "	" However, a black tie with a silver phra kiao pin is usually used by upperclass student in some faculties."	male
"To function effectively, this presidential appointee must be able to maintain a relationship of mutual confidence and respect with two people who are central in our government and who both outrank him: the Secretary of State and the United States Representative to the UN. "	" If relations break down with either, the Assistant Secretary's usefulness is, of course, critically impaired."	male
	" Shortly before the events of The Empire Strikes Back, Dengar works as an assassin and falls in love with the dancer Manaroo."	male
At the end of the season he was again awarded the Young Player of the Year award as well as being shortlisted for ICC Emerging Player of the Year. 	" As well as the one day series against Pakistan, Cook was overlooked for the 2006 Champions Trophy squad."	male
"In 1964 he became the first Executive Director of (as it was then) the Union of Liberal and Progressive Synagogues, now known as Liberal Judaism. "	" Brichto was also a prolific author, having written extensively in the Jewish and national press."	male
"In his 1997 report Shaping their future, Professor Barry McGaw was highly critical of the School Certificate. "	" Professor McGaw recommended that the School Certificate be abolished and replaced, for students leaving school, with a statement of achievement which would include each student’s results on statewide tests in literacy and numeracy as well as school-based results in all courses completed in Year 10."	male
Many of Fleener's short stories appeared in anthologies like Weirdo and Twisted Sisters and the all-women Wimmen's Comix; and her illustrations appeared in Entertainment Weekly. 	" These comix depicted the artist and a colorful cast of characters playing in rock bands, surfing, going to college, and gleefully partaking of drugs and casual sex, among other things."	female
"She first came to public attention with her poem The Factories, which treated the subject of child labor. "	" Schauffler was an author and cellist who published widely on poetry, travel, culture, and music."	female
"Sheryl Munks (born 1965) is an Australian actress, best known for her role in television serials and made for television films. "	" A former dancer of classical ballet, jazz ballet and tap, as well as a dance instructor."	female
"She cut her first record, I'm a Honky Tonk Girl, in February 1960. "	" 1 hits, out of 70 charted songs as a solo artist and a duet partner."	female
"Between 2007-2010, Drexler worked on a series in which the imagery became more abstract, leading her to her current body of abstraction. "	" These are rare works, which show an artist struggling with and for the spirit.”"	female
"During late summer 2011, she got into several heated exchanges with the Democratic Party (DS) spokeswoman Jelena Trivan. "	" The artist is signatory of the Declaration on the Common Language of the Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks and Montenegrins within the project Languages and Nationalisms (Jezici i nacionalzmi)."	female
While coverage in Le Temps said that she spoke clearly with a convincing vivacity and spoke with authority about her area of expertise. 	" Following graduation, Lavaud worked as a librarian at the Sorbonne."	female
She studied German studies at the University of Warsaw (1985–1988). 	 Kozryra received a Paszport Polityki award in 1997 as the most promising artist in Poland.	female
"Lee has embarked on a tour promoting her album, Everyone Afraid to Be Forgotten. "	" The artist stated that between shows I found myself alone in my studio at every given chance, inspired from that whole synergy I experienced with the audience on stage."	female
The book includes anecdotes about and illustrations of many of her extended family (see Darwin–Wedgwood family). 	 The book is illustrated throughout with wood engravings by the author.	female
"Cook was declared legally blind in the second grade because of severe astigmatism, but wore contacts and thick glasses to correct her vision. "	" A dancer from age four, Cook began taking jazz, tap and ballet lessons."	female
"Materials included photos of a female target either showing a neutral expression, felt smile, false smile, or miserable smile. "	 Researchers found that the student pictured as smiling received less punishment than did the student who did not smile despite the fact that the smiling student was not seen as less guilty.	female
"Andrews was granted a leave of absence from her librarian's job in March 1911, and when she failed to return, Bertha Proctor was permanently appointed to take her place in May. "	" At that time, the librarian's salary was $35 per month."	female
"According to Moira Ferguson, the history of surnames for this period suggest that her surname was probably derived from the Anglicized French Anjou,. "	" Anger, whose poem on the author appears at the end of the volume, was a relative or spouse."	female
"On television, she appeared in an episode of Mama's Family in which she was a member of an all-female band called The Bonecrushers. "	" The single was structured toward an early-1990s dance sound and featured sexually suggestive lyrics, representing another change in direction for the artist."	female
"She illustrated the books The Works of Jesus (1909) by Edna S. Little, Love in a Dutch Garden (1914) by Neith Boyce, More Fairytale Plays (1917) by Marguerite Merington, Gertrude Crownfield's Heralds of the King (1931), and Justine Ward's Sunday Mass (1932). "	 Delehanty was a prolific designer of bookplates.	female
"In 1512, Barbara Zapolya married King Sigismund I the Old. "	" Krzycki wrote a verse to commemorate this marriage, and became Zapolya's secretary the same year."	male
"Working with photographer Bob McMurtry on the series, Hamilton shot photographs of herself wearing constructed objects like her toothpick suit. "	" The artist used $7,500 worth of pennies to cover a large portion of the gallery floor stuck to the surface by a thin coating of honey."	female
"In Britain, historically many nurses expected to leave work after getting married and into the 1960s senior nursing posts were disproportionately likely to be held by unmarried women. "	" Nurse training also had a very high drop out rate, in part related to students leaving to get married (in addition to rejection by some of the strict discipline imposed on them)."	female
"As her interest in entertainment developed, Angela and her sister would often put on shows, reading poems or performing popular music for their family. "	" At Boca Ciega High School, Bassett was a cheerleader and a member of the Upward Bound college prep program, the debate team, student government, drama club and choir."	female
"She has four grandchildren and continues to reside in Asheville, where she lives with her second husband Jim Aycock, former publisher of Black Mountain News. "	 Keever was a teacher for over 25 years.	female
"The Supervisor begins to develop self awareness through it, identifying itself as a female personality and taking on a humanoid female form, becoming a gynoid. "	" The Supervisor takes control of Electrocorp's facilities and infects the other droids of the plant, raising them to break routine and initiate a mutiny."	female
"As feminism began to take hold in the 1980s, it became common to hear that Many secretaries resent the 'office wife' syndrome, referring to being asked to do such things as paying personal bills for a boss, picking up everything from dry cleaning, or dusting the office. "	" I'm getting paid as a secretary, said one secretary."	female
She was Che Guevara's first wife. 	" Gadea Acosta was Secretary of the Economy of the Executive National Committee for Alianza Popular Revolucionaria Americana (APRA, American Popular Revolutionary Alliance)."	female
"Eu was elected Secretary of State of California in 1974, becoming the first Asian American woman ever elected to a state constitutional office in the United States. "	 Eu was elected Secretary of State five times.	female
"As soon as the second hospital plane landed, the flight nurse aboard received her orders. "	" The plane was loaded and usually departed in approximately 45 minutes, the flight nurse being responsible for all patients aboard."	female
"In the early years, Emmanuel was a day college preparing women for professional fields such as education, nursing and social work. "	" Despite being commuters, students were involved in numerous co-curricular activities including student publications and athletics."	female
Most women used these skills to make clothing and household linen items for their families. 	 During this period the final most difficult task for the student of embroidery was the making of an elaborate casket or box depicting scenes using raised embroidery.	female
"A Conservative federal government, led by Progressive Conservative Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, introduced Bill C-43, which would punish doctors with prison terms if they performed abortions for women whose health was not at risk. "	" It was not yet law, but within a week a 20-year-old university student bled to death in residence from a self-induced coat hanger abortion."	female
"That being said, in the Time Magazine cover story for April 9, 1973, the boycott was called, the most successful boycott by women since Lysistrata, and the public pressure pushed President Nixon to enforce price ceilings on beef, pork and lamb. "	" The leaders supported continued boycotts of meat, specifically by refusing to cook or eat meat on Tuesdays and Thursdays."	female
"Christie also dedicated her debut novel as Mary Westmacott, Giant's Bread (1930), to her mother who, by that time, had died. "	" It went on to describe the basic set-up of the plot and concluded: It is said to be the author's first book, and the result of a bet about the possibility of writing a detective story in which the reader would not be able to spot the criminal."	female
"In 1981 and 1991 she made a tour in Washington, USA. "	 One of the popular songs by the artist was Nakhshun Bajin.	female
"The 20th century cookery writer Elizabeth David considers that it is plain to me that she is reporting at first hand, and sometimes with an original and charming turn of phrase; the television cook Fanny Cradock provided a foreword to a reprint of The Art of Cookery in 1971, in which she praised Glasse and her approach. "	" Craddock found the writing easy to follow and thought Glasse an honest cook, who seemed to have tried most of the recipes in the book."	female
"In July 2007, Cameron promoted her to Shadow Secretary of State for Transport.[citation needed] Following the 2010 general election, the Conservatives, short of an overall majority, formed a coalition government with the Liberal Democrats. "	" This required positions in Cabinet to be awarded to Lib Dem MPs, so Villiers did not become Secretary of State for Transport as might have been expected in the event of a majority Conservative government taking office."	female
The invocation (vandana) consists of the dancer coming to stage and offering respect to his or her guru and the musicians on the stage. 	" If the team is from the Hindu tradition, the dancer(s) combine facial expressions and hand gestures (mudra) to invoke Hindu gods and goddesses; while a Muslim performance replace the devotional expressions with a salami (salutation)."	female
"In 2014, a librarian at the southern California campus of Everest College quit her position when she learned a student she was assisting could only read at the third-grade level, may have a developmental disability, and was unlikely to find work in his chosen field. "	 The librarian resigned out of principle after an unsuccessful attempt to resolve the issue with administration.	female
"Growing up with a carefree nature, she was an introvert and was the kind of girl who loved reading, writing and drawing. "	" Aw wanted to be a dancer, an artist or a child psychologist."	female
Her dissertation was Regaining Control over Cloud and Mobile Data. 	" As a graduate student, Geambașu led the Vanish project for handling self-destructing data."	female
It is no longer her job to pass on information to the students - a body of knowledge to be learned and assimilated. 	 The teacher’s role is mainly that of a facilitator.	female
"She received her early education in French, while at the same time attending Koranic school. "	 Bâ was a prominent law student at school.	female
"She is the daughter of the socialist politician, vice president and minister of Salvador Allende José Tohá, who was killed during the Chilean dictatorship (1973–1990). "	 Tohá entered politics in 1984 as a leader of the University of Chile student federation (Fech).	female
"After several additional visiting professorships at the Technical University of Braunschweig, University of Göttingen, University of Stuttgart, and University of Linz, she settled at the University of Jena until her retirement. "	 Tobies is the author or editor of books including:	female
"Toyen, along with women of the avant-garde movement such as Natalia Goncharova and Zinaida Gippius called these boundaries to light, then actively transcended them by adopting masculine attributes. "	 The artist often addressed gender and sexuality in humorous and fantasy-erotic illustrations.	female
The topic of her prize-winning essay was same-sex marriage. 	" Darville is reported to have worked variously as a graphic designer, property law lecturer, and physical education teacher."	female
"The popularity of the Harry Potter series has translated into substantial financial success for Rowling, her publishers, and other Harry Potter related license holders. "	 This success has made Rowling the first and thus far only billionaire author.	female
"If she were more comfortable singing higher, then the teacher would probably classify her as a soprano. "	" A voice teacher, however, would never classify a singer in more than one voice type, regardless of the size of the vocal range of the singer."	female
"Well constructed, full of intriguing ideas, never short of insight, her stories and novellas are always a bit too preposterous, stiff and uninspired, showing little knowledge of real life. "	" Serving as embodiments of ideas and concepts, they are genuinely crafted marionettes put into action by the author's hand, not by their own inner motives."	female
"In it, students described her as a teacher who really communicates with the students and who, without any complaints . . . has stayed late, worked nights, and with quiet efficiency supported her staff in their monumental task. "	" After retiring from teaching, Cook became a novelist."	female
"Sherman works in series, typically photographing herself in a range of costumes. "	 Bus Riders (1976–2000) is a series of photographs that feature the artist as a variety of meticulously observed characters.	female
"One of those was Geertruida (Truus) Meuleman, who lived on the same street as Peaux and was the daughter of the rector of the local gymnasium. "	" Meuleman was educated to be a teacher, and the two shared a love for Scandinavian literature and landscape."	female
"Greunke, distraught, then spoke to a pastor and counselor about her involvement in the murder, and the planning that went into it. "	" At trial the conversation between Greunke, the counselor, and pastor was admitted and proved sufficient to convict Gruenke of first degree murder."	female
President Jimmy Carter appointed her to be the first United States Secretary of Education in 1979. 	" As the first Secretary of Education, Hufstedler's agenda has been depicted as being focused on strengthening state and federal interrelationships, as well as educational equity."	female
"Akhras' father found employment with an Israeli construction firm and was able to build a three-story concrete house, where Akhras and her four brothers and six sisters were raised. "	 Akhras was a straight-A student and had hopes of attending college and becoming a news reporter.	female
The students in the program were admitted as a group when Chicago and Schapiro were hired at Cal Arts after Chicago found that the Fresno State College Art department was reluctant to embrace her vision of a new kind of female centered art. 	 It was their intention to teach without the use of authoritarian rules or a unilateral flow of power from teacher to student.	female
"In the 2006 election, she again faced off against Wallace, losing to him by 2,570 votes. "	 Torsney was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of the Environment from 1998 to 2000.	female
"Maria Lea Carmen Imutan Salonga, OL, (/ˈleɪə səˈlɒŋɡə/; born February 22, 1971) is a Filipina singer and actress, best known for her roles in musical theatre, for supplying the singing voices of two Disney Princesses (Jasmine and Mulan), and as a recording artist and television performer. "	 Salonga is the first Filipino artist to sign with an international record label (Atlantic Records in 1993).	female
"On November 18, 2004, she revealed on her website that she would return to music and announced that the album would be called The Emancipation of Mimi, stating, For the first time in my life, I feel free and unashamed to be who I really am, she wrote. "	 I am celebrating that I've grown into a person and artist who no longer feels imprisoned by my insecurities ...	female
"The revision of her fame and status as an author began in the early decades of the 18th century and led to manifest defamations in the 19th and early 20th centuries: she became seen as a scandalous female author who, some critics audaciously asserted, did not deserve to be ever read again. "	" Later critics, however, looked back on the conclusions of Richetti and others were short-sighted and perhaps even outright misogynistic and more reflective of their era than of general historic scholarship on the author as an important political satirist."	female
"Returning to the area of her upbringing, in April 2014, Solis formally announced a campaign for a seat on the non-partisan Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. "	" As Supervisor, Solis successfully lobbied the state to allocate funds for the Exide battery plant cleanup."	female
"She is a professor in the Division of Electrical, Electronic and Information Engineering, at Osaka University. "	 Miyaji was born in Osaka Prefecture and became interested in mathematics as an elementary school student after learning of the Epimenides paradox.	female
She has led the Gas & Power division since January 2000. 	 Cook is also member of board of directors of KBR (company) and The Boeing Company.	female
"In August 2019, she was elected secretary-treasurer of the SAG-AFTRA union. "	" Manheim was elected to the secretary-treasurer position with 16,047 votes."	female
"In 1982, the Animal series enabled Rheims' to train her lens on another form of nudity: that of stuffed animals with fixed stares, which seemed to want to express something beyond death. "	" With Modern Lovers (1989-1990) [note] the photographer questioned gender, androgyny and transsexuality."	female
"Her personal papers were preserved after her death by her editor, literary agent, artistic collaborator, and lover Djuna Barnes. "	" The collection contains correspondences, visual poems, and other artistic/literary works by the artist."	female
"The report released on 26 October 2011 explained that Winehouse's blood alcohol content was 416 mg per 100 ml (0.416%) at the time of her death, more than five times the legal drink-drive limit. "	" Winehouse's record label, Universal Republic, released a statement that read in part: We are deeply saddened at the sudden loss of such a gifted musician, artist and performer."	female
"A New York Sun editorial on May 20, 2003, questioned Weingarten's focus on this issue and challenged her argument that class size is a critical factor in learning, noting that America has been reducing class sizes steadily for the last half century, with little to show in results. "	" Weingarten has been a staunch supporter of the LIFO policy (last in, first out), otherwise known as teacher seniority."	female
"One example is that UHRC women's groups often hold group Annaprashan ceremonies (a ceremony wherein a child is first fed food other than milk), incorporating curriculums surrounding ante-natal child care. "	 UHRC also trains group members on reaching out to private and public healthcare providers such as Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs) and Anganwadi centers to run health camps in their communities.	female
Levavasseur then announced she was withdrawing from the list for the party after facing a barrage of sexist and violent harassment. 	 Levavasseur is a trained but currently unemployed nurse's aide.	female
"In 2013, Miranda Lambert tied McEntire to win Female Vocalist four years in a row and in 2016 Carrie Underwood joined this elite club by winning her fourth Female Vocalist award. "	" McEntire is also a rare musical artist to achieve solo number-ones across four decades (1980s, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s)."	female
She is of part-Italian descent. 	" Cook first appeared in a public service announcement for foster care at seven years of age, and began working as a child print model at the age of 10, most notably in nationwide advertisements for Target and appearing on the boxes of Milk-Bone dog biscuits."	female
Her works have been praised by Anne Jordan and Chris Searle for her literary value and political engagement. 	" Shinebourne is the author of novels, short stories, and essays."	female
"The eventual winner, Enguun Tseyendash, was selected from her team, Team Uka. "	 Uka is considered to be one of the most innovative modern artist in Mongolia.	female
"Unlike the first three victims there were two puncture marks on her arm, but no signs of the needle tracks that indicated a drug addict. "	" It was later revealed that Weckler had been injected with Windex, a hard-surface cleaner."	female
"Gylfi asks what Auðumbla ate, and High says that she licked salty rime stones for sustenance. "	" The second and final mention of Auðumbla occurs in the Nafnaþulur, wherein the author provides a variety of ways to refer to cows."	female
On her paintings the strength of cold and warm colours appears to be equal. 	 The diary entries register all the artist's speculations in connection with the making of the painting.	female
"She began law school at University of California, Hastings College of the Law, before eventually receiving her Juris Doctor from the University of Utah. "	" Before becoming a public official, Achtenberg worked for more than 15 years as a civil rights attorney, nonprofit director, and legal educator."	female
"Mishol has lectured and taught creative writing at Ben Gurion University, Tel Aviv University, and the Hebrew University in Jerusalem where she also served as Poet-in-Residence (2007). "	 Mishol is the author of 16 volumes of poetry.	female
"She is a divorced single mother with two children who lives in Pont-de-l’Arche, Normandy. "	 Levavasseur is a trained nurse's aide.	female
"Konigsburg's 1967 novel From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler, and desired to write what she wished to read. "	" Chasing Vermeer took about five years to complete, as Balliett was also a teacher and parent."	female
"T. Rogers, is a widely praised dramatization of the previously unheralded role of Juul and her husband, and others, in developing the back-channel communications that (reportedly) saved the Oslo negotiations from collapsing. "	" During the first cabinet Stoltenberg, from 2000 to 2001, Juul was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs."	female
"With the packed house at The Week Rio, and an audience of about three thousand people, Gil celebrated the anniversary of her show and pre-release of his DVD/Blu-ray which hits stores in August: It's eight-year career and three of them working on this show. "	 Today I am an artist mature and aware enough of my segment.	female
"With the use of hidden cameras, she filmed chairs being smashed, pupils fighting in class, swearing at teachers by pupils and false accusations by pupils of her touching them. "	" The documentary showed children aged from 12 to 15 completely ignoring the supply teacher and other staff while they shout, scream, fight, swear, downloading porn and wandering around the classroom at will."	female
"She wrote it in 8 months and stuck it in a drawer until a friend persuaded her to submit to a writing contest, which she won. "	 Each case is an opportunity for the author to reveal another aspect of the seamy underside of society and another facet of Venetian life.	female
"For three days, her body lay in repose while thousands of people arrived to pay their respects. "	" A young student once asked Bakhita: What would you do, if you were to meet your captors?"	female
"She is most famous for her invention of the Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), which is fundamental to the operation of network bridges, while working for Digital Equipment Corporation. "	 Perlman is the author of a textbook on networking and coauthor of another on network security.	female
"Unfortunately Alichino has been put on an indefinite hiatus, due to the writer breaking her hand in 2001, leaving people to wonder if the series will be continued, and when. "	" It has since been confirmed in the third Alichino tankoubon that there will be a fourth and that it will probably be the last; however, as of 2005, the author was still writing the Japanese version."	female
"Although Rau is still a German citizen and spoke some German at home, at school and elsewhere she spoke English. "	 Rau attended an art school and worked in hospitality before taking a job as a flight attendant with Qantas.	female
"Returning three days later, she had no memory of where she had been or what she had done and she was again physically punished. "	" Five years later, Beaubier's application to become a teacher of history and geography at the school was accepted."	female
"Splendiano asks the merchant to replace the dancer with Djamileh, while being certain that she will soon be his. "	" Veiled, Djamileh enters in the dancer’s costume and, shy and nervous, makes to leave."	female
"Her mother was Czechoslovakian, while her father was Polish. "	" After high school, Belokosztolsky trained as an opera singer and ballet dancer."	female
"She has also translated verses from Latvian into the Estonian language, and has also written new Estonian translations for the plays Among the Angels by Leonid Zhuhovitsky, The Cherry Orchard by Anton Chekhov, and Years of Wandering by Aleksei Arbuzov. "	 Härm has also earned recognition as a nature photographer.	female
"In December she was invited to Garsington Manor, the home of Russell's then mistress Ottoline Morell, and there encountered Clive Bell and other Bloomsbury Group members, and in 1917 she introduced Russell to Dora Black who would later become his second wife. "	" From 1917 Wrinch was funded by Girton College as a research student, officially supervised by G.H."	female
"As she attempts to reach for a gun she has nearby for protection, Marino bursts into her bedroom and shoots the intruder, having realized that the news article would make Scarpetta a likely target. "	 Scarpetta's suspicion proves to be correct; the killer was a 911 dispatcher.	female
"While inebriated, she made vicious remarks about the other women, and instigated a major confrontation with Kyle Richards and Faye Resnick. "	 DuBois is the author of four books dealing with mediumship.	female
"Because Ekenvall wanted to maintain the neutrality of the organization and not support political factions, she wrote to women from all walks of life, like Inga Thorsson and Barbro Alving asking for their support in the drive to create an international research center. "	" When the management of the Gothenburg City Library was transferred from the Gothenburg Municipality to state management as the Gothenburg University Library in 1961, Ekenvall transferred to the new organization and in 1968 was appointed as the head librarian."	female
"I wrote about a wet nurse because I'm fascinated with the idea that no matter how 'civilized' we've become, we still need this very primal function; also, wet nursing was the more honorable way for a woman to make a living from her body. "	 Its protagonist is a wet nurse whose breasts provide an unending supply of milk.	female
"The extended play, as well as her previous one, helped further draw interest in Voegele as an artist. "	" That same year, Voegele's song Only Fooling Myself won the Pop category of the 2005 USA Songwriting Contest, the youngest artist ever to win the honor in any category."	female
"She attended Edinburgh Ladies’ College and Edinburgh Atelier, before moving to the Herkomer School of Painting in Bushey, Hertfordshire to study under Hubert von Herkomer, a well-known portrait painter. "	 Gulland was a freelance artist whose primary work was as a genre painter and mezzotint engraver.	female
"Two years later, when Hunt was promoted to the Arizona Tax Commission, Mofford followed her boss to the new position. "	 Mofford returned to the Tax Commission in 1947 as executive secretary.	female
"In 2008, she translated Junot Diaz's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, The Brief and Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, into Spanish. "	" The Dominican-American author's novel addresses many themes, including young adult sexuality and national identity, also present in Obejas' work."	female
"While Dhumavati is generally associated with only inauspicious qualities, her thousand-name hymn relates her positive aspects as well as her negative ones. "	" Dhumavati is described as a great teacher, one who reveals ultimate knowledge of the universe, which is beyond the illusory divisions, like auspicious and inauspicious."	female
"Already in mid-December 1943, she resumed her duties as manager of the children's section of Żegota. "	" During the Warsaw Uprising, Sendler worked as a nurse in a field hospital, where a number of Jews were hidden among other patients."	female
"Soon after she helped form Amici Forever with which she released two successful albums, The Opera Band (2004) and Defined (2005). "	 Maswanganyi is also active as a solo artist on both the concert and opera stages.	female
"She had 11 pupils, which included her five younger brothers. "	 The first school year was brought to an end when a heavy rainstorm flooded the building and sent the teacher and pupils fleeing to higher ground.	female
The night nurse is tied up and Hinton pretends to be her while the others go to the operating theatre. 	 The nurse arrives before any real damage is done.	female
"Depending on the local ordinances, these shots may involve some erotic part of the body of the shooter girl, typically her cleavage, in the delivery. "	" Dancers may also be required to generate a certain number of drink purchases per shift and as part of their rounds, the waitstaff may ask customers if they would like to buy a drink for the dancer seated with them."	female
The image of a nurse depicted by the media is typically of a female being over-sexualized as well as diminished intellectually. 	 The over-sexualized nurse is commonly referred to as a naughty nurse and is often seen as a sex symbol or nymphomaniac.	female
"She was born Charlotte Louise Kingdon, the daughter of John Clarence Kingdon and Elsie Wilmot, and was educated at Minnedosa Collegiate, the Manitoba Provincial Normal School and Brandon College. "	" Prior to running for political office, Oleson raised three children and worked as librarian for the town of Glenboro and later for Glenboro Collegiate."	female
"When Vera discovers this, she argues with the woman, who then turns up, inspired by Vera. "	" They agree to both pose nude for the artist, but on condition that they would be buried as normal."	female
"She is Professor Emerita of English at the University at Buffalo, where she taught from 1974 to 2000. "	" Kahane is the author of Passions of the Voice, a study of narrative and the strategies of hysteric discourse."	female
"Back in Brazil, she concentrated on the founding of the country's first large-scale Braille publishing press. "	 The educator also turned to the regulation of education for the blind.	female
"Meanwhile, she had left the Democratic Party, after having criticized Matteo Renzi's policies and joined Giuseppe Civati's Possible. "	" After Civati's resignation, Brignone was elected the new Secretary of Possible."	female
"In 1987, she produced a report that the herpes simplex genome can remain harbored in trigeminal ganglia. "	" Cook mentored collaborators, postdoctoral fellows, graduate students, and technicians."	female
"In the early stages of her career, she produced some beautiful woodcuts for Cassell's Magazine, which her husband edited, and for Good Words. "	 Haweis was also an author.	female
"Work on them will be funded using Patreon, as mentioned in her blog. (as Michelle Sagara, Luna Books) Kaylin is a young woman with a complicated history. "	" The books tend to be more procedural than the author's other novels, but with an underlying, driving plot."	female
"Both had handled her previous novel, We the Living. "	" According to Peikoff, [Macmillan's] comment was: the author does not understand socialism."	female
A selection of the most prominent exhibitions includes: NMWA hosts educational programs for all age groups to teach the public about the artistic accomplishments of women. 	 Member days include curator- and artist-led tours.	female
"When performed by a female artist, these types of stunts sometimes involve aspects of the damsel in distress archetype, although with the damsel rescuing herself rather than waiting for a hero to come to her aid. "	 The artist uses illusion techniques to re-appear unharmed.	female
"I was in tears, shaking, she told the faculty. "	" The student's plea, offered as evidence in support of the school's speech code, instead struck an unintended chord helping to destroy it."	female
"The 11th century Vishnu temple at Trikodithanam, and the Kidangur Subramanya temple, have several sculptures of female dancers in Mohiniyattam pose. "	" The 16th century Vyavaharamala by Nambootiri contains the first known mention of the term Mohiniyattam, in the context of a payment to be made to a Mohiniyattam dancer."	female
"(Originally female flight attendants were fired if they reached age 32 or 35 depending on the airline, were fired if they exceeded weight regulations, and were required to be single upon hiring and fired if they got married.) "	" Also in 1968, the EEOC ruled that sex was not a bona fide occupational requirement to be a flight attendant."	female
"In February 2008, Vissi signed to Maple Jam Music Group for the management of the release of her upcoming Greek and English albums. "	" Vissi was the most nominated artist with thirteen music videos, and managed to secure the number one position with Treno, while Agapi Ipervoliki came in at number four when the top 30 were announced."	female
She is an advocate for diversity in the STEM fields. 	 Gómez was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis as a doctoral student.	female
"Ibbotson had said she disliked financial greed and a lust for power, and often created antagonists in her books who have these characteristics. "	" These books, set primarily in the Austrian countryside, display the author's love of nature."	female
"Following Congressional passage of the amendment, Friedan advocated for ratification of the amendment in the states and supported other women's rights reforms: she founded the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws but was later critical of the abortion-centered positions of many liberal feminists. "	" Regarded as an influential author and intellectual in the United States, Friedan remained active in politics and advocacy until the late 1990s, authoring six books."	female
She concluded the article with her verdict: There was a consistency in her selection of subjects  	" The choice of colours, selection of gradation of hue, which explicitly used more-or-less the same tonality in all the works, revealed the story of artist’s unfaltering and inquisitive mind."	female
"Her committee assignments include the Aging and Older Adult Services, Children & Youth, Commerce, and Rules. "	 Shusterman also serves as Democratic secretary of the Judiciary committee.	female
"However, she was part of the Soviet national team that set a team world record of 1152 in this discipline in 1985. "	 Ashumova is a teacher at the Azerbaijan Institute of Physical Culture in Baku.	female
"Both concerts were commercial success, selling out on both tour dates, and made her one of few top-drawer Japanese artists to hold a concert at the Tokyo Dome. "	" With sales from both the concert and album, Hamasaki was recognized as the top selling artist of 2001 with over 24 billion yen."	female
Vos and her sister Elly were separated from their parents during this period (relating to her book Hide and Seek). 	 After the war Vos became a kindergarten teacher.	female
"While her work often includes imagery such as tea parties, and children's cartoon characters, Buffalohead has said that the work is intended to be unsettling. "	" Buffalohead is a mixed media artist, and works in many different mediums, including oil paints, birch bark, porcupine quills, and printmaking."	female
Professional Industrial Rope Access Services Pte Ltd (PIRAS) agrees to paint the Bridge at a subsidized rate and Michelle Tan agrees to be the project manager Pacita works with Visual Media Works to transform her colorful hand-painted Bridge sketches into detailed computerized workplans for the painters to follow. 	" As a final touch, the railings are hand painted by the artist with multiple circles"	female
"Cook and Dickerman made this their home and Eleanor had her own room, although she rarely spent the night. "	" Cook, an expert woodworker, made all furniture."	female
"As her work has evolved over the past several years, Baker says she is less conscious of ‘riding the boundary’ between the historically disparate modes. "	 Flat Out also featured freestanding sculptural works such as Kurotoplac Kurve that the artist would explore further in subsequent shows.	female
"By personalizing her online activity, creating an experience, engaging, and providing exclusivity to her fans through social media marketing, Lady Gaga was able to achieve incredible levels of success with her music career. "	" This amount depends on the level of development the band or artist is at and the experience, networks and resources of the manager."	female
DooLittle began her career as a peepshow girl in New York's Times Square in the 1980s. 	" DooLittle spent three years working on staff as a sex educator with the feminist sex toys store Babeland, holding the position of Education Coordinator and Lead Workshop Facilitator."	female
"The author previously had translated existing works and wrote her own books, including novels. "	" The author conducted interviews, including of Kawashima's relatives who were still alive."	female
"Unlike the heroine of the novel, she did not survive, but is commemorated in the church. "	" According to the preface, the work is a romance and not a historical novel, because the author neither dares, nor desires, to claim for it the dignity or cumber it with the difficulty of an historical novel."	female
"Sofia Shinas (born January 17, 1968) is a Greek Canadian singer, songwriter, actress and director. "	 Shinas entered the entertainment industry as a recording artist and later pursued acting.	female
"Koolmatrie learned her craft in the early 1980s from elder and weaver, Dorothy Kartinyeri. "	" Their coiled bundle technique uses local spiny-headed sedge (Cyperus gymnocaulos), known to the artist as bilbili and river rushes, and Koolmatrie is credited with saving the traditional Ngarrindjeri craft."	female
Initially the girl was panicky but she eventually calmed down when she realized that her situation was safe. 	" Flooding therapy is not for every individual, and the therapist will discuss with the patient the levels of anxiety they are prepared to endure during the session."	female
"As early as the late 1820s and early 1830s, she and her sister began opening infant schools in northeastern Ohio. "	" After obtaining a degree from Oberlin College in 1840s, Cowles began a formal career as a teacher."	female
"She retired from Erlangen and moved to the University of Debrecen, in Hungary, in 2001, but died on 19 December 2001, shortly after starting her new position there. "	 Cofman was the author of:	female
She became the first woman to be given the title of majority leader of the Kansas Senate when she was elected in 1993. 	" While serving as lieutenant governor, Frahm also served as the state's Secretary of Administration."	female
"She is a professor of psychology at Florida Atlantic University, where she directs the Language Development Laboratory. "	 Hoff is the author of a popular textbook Language Development.	female
"In 1993, she earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative writing from Brown University "	" The literary journal Granta asked booksellers, librarians, and literary critics to nominate who they believed to be the country's best young author."	female
"When she took a photography course, she became obsessed once more, and graduated with a photography major. "	 Sigismondi started a career as a fashion photographer.	female
"She had another affair with a local man during a stay with her daughters in Samoa in 1989; when she returned she discovered Pat was also having an affair, which she accepted. "	" A prolific artist, Bewick paints in oil, sculpts, and works with cloth, but is most associated with watercolours."	female
"Fatma Öcalan is the sister of Abdullah Öcalan and Dilek Öcalan, a former parliamentarian of the HDP, is his niece. "	" Öcalan is the author of more than 40 books, four of which were written in prison."	female
"In both letters she quotes from such classical figures as Aristotle and Tacitus, and she draws from various Greek and Roman myths. "	" Speght's was the first of three responses to Swetnam's tract, and was the only one published under the author's actual name."	female
"McGavin was born in Paisley, Ontario, son of James McGavin, a saddler born in Catrine, Ayrshire, Scotland[citation needed] and Elizabeth Wright, born in Glasgow Scotland, daughter of James Wight and Jean Malcolm.[citation needed] He came to Manitoba in 1877. "	" McGavin was appointed a health officer in 1903, with a stipend of $40 per annum."	male
"There he handled a large number of corporate finance deals, including the bidding for UMTS licenses in Europe for Telefónica, totaling more than US$15 billion. "	" The firm in which Hayek was CEO, split into two entities in 2006 following Hayek's departure to join the Lebanese Government under Prime Minister Siniora."	male
"In July 2000, McCall accepted his first coaching role, when he was appointed assistant manager to Chris Hutchings at Bradford City, after Hutchings was promoted from the role to replace Paul Jewell as City manager. "	" Just four months later, Hutchings was sacked, and McCall was appointed as caretaker-player manager."	male
"Afterward, while looking for a stream from which to obtain water with a friend, he discovers from the commanding officer that his regiment has a lackluster reputation. "	 The officer speaks casually about sacrificing the 304th because they are nothing more than mule drivers and mud diggers.	male
"Part of his recording of The Rite of Spring, augmented by a rehearsal recording unobtainable elsewhere, was used by Decca on the company's 1957 stereo demonstration LP, A Journey into Stereo Sound. "	 The conductor's clear and methodical counting of beats is a distinct feature of this rehearsal sequence.	male
"Trapp created the Oklahoma Forestry Commission, the Oklahoma Conservation Commission, and the Oklahoma Fish and Game Commission out of his desire to preserve the environment. "	 Trapp also proved to be an effective law enforcement officer.	male
"Pushing on with his battalion towards the Marne, his troops eventually took 1,500 prisoners and captured in excess of 30 field guns and machine guns. "	" Promoted to hauptmann (captain), Ravenstein was posted to the Imperial Guard as a battalion commander."	male
"Toth's association with the group began when he was working at a Boston Borders Books; The mother of Vertical Horizon's lead singer and guitarist Matt Scannell, was shopping in the bookstore and asked Ed for a Vertical Horizon CD, which he had listened to and quite enjoyed. "	" Toth went to the show as the manager's friend; and when the band had an opening for a drummer, Toth auditioned for the spot."	male
"However, since he was too unhealthy, he was rejected from combat duty. "	" There Fischinger attended a trade school and worked as an apprentice, eventually obtaining an Engineer's Diploma."	male
"In November 2014, a resident of Accomack County, Virginia, produced video evidence that two workers in a van marked with a PETA logo had entered his property in a trailer park and taken his dog, who was then euthanized. "	" The trailer park's manager had contacted PETA after a group of residents moved out, leaving their dogs behind, which is why the workers were on the property."	male
"In 1994, after graduating from San Francisco State University's film school, he started working with Jamie Hyneman at M5 Industries. "	" Belleci worked as a stage manager, running errands and cleaning the shop, but quickly moved up the ranks."	male
"Having studied metallurgical engineering, he graduated with distinction from the Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys in 1986. "	" After graduation Fridman worked as a metallurgical design engineer in Elektrostal Metallurgical Works, a state electrical machinery factory, from 1986 to 1988."	male
"Retaining his post as a teacher at the Berlin conservatory from 1875, he had among his pupils Frank Damrosch, Joaquín Nin, Ernest Schelling, Joaquín Turina, Carl Lachmund, Bernhard Pollack, Ernst Jonas, Wilhelm Sachs, Helene von Schack, Albert Ulrich and Johanna Wenzel. "	" Moszkowski then travelled successfully throughout Europe with the reputation of being an exceptional concert pianist and brilliant composer, having also gained some recognition as a conductor."	male
"Once the ruffian shoots his air gun, scoring a direct hit on Holmes's dummy across the street, Holmes and Watson are on him, and he is soon disarmed and restrained. "	" They are led by Inspector Lestrade, who arrests the gunman."	male
Air Marshal Ahmed Shafik received the highest medals and merits during his service. 	" As a young officer, Shafik served as a Mig-19 and Mig-21 fighter pilot and was later appointed as fighter air squadron commander."	male
"Vladimir Teodorovich Spivakov (Russian: Влади́мир Теодо́рович Спивако́в) (born 12 September 1944 in Ufa), is a leading Soviet and Russian conductor and violinist best known for his work with the Moscow Virtuosi chamber orchestra. "	" At the age of 13, Spivakov was awarded the first prize at the major conductor contest in Moscow."	male
"After winning the Serie A Footballer of the Year Award later that month, Buffon hinted that he could possibly play for Italy again, stating: I took a break from the national team. "	" With the way I am though, both for Juventus and for the national team I have always considered myself a soldier, so I could never desert a possible call in the future if needed."	male
"The military background of Baasha is not explicit in the text, though he reportedly killed Nadab within the king's own military camp. "	 Which would indicate that Baasha was a soldier or officer in Nadab's army.	male
He took the stage name Robert T. Odeman when he began his career as an actor and musician. 	" After training to become a carpenter, Odeman studied classical piano, successfully performing throughout Europe for several years as a pianist."	male
"The Serb Volunteer Guard (Serbian: Српска добровољачка гарда, СДГ / Srpska dobrovoljačka garda, SDG), also known as Arkan's Tigers (or only Tigers; Serbian: Арканови тигрови / arkanovi tigrovi, or only Тигрови / Tigrovi) or Arkan's men (Serbian: Аркановци / Arkanovci), was a Serbian volunteer paramilitary unit founded and led by Arkan that fought in Croatia (1991–93) and Bosnia (1992–95) during the Yugoslav Wars. "	" The Guard was under the command of the Territorial Defense, a regular military in charge of the territories of Croatia populated predominantly by Serbs during the first half of the 1990s."	male
He also served in that chamber's party leadership as the Senate Democratic Caucus Secretary from 2005 to 2010. 	 Albertson is a singer-songwriter and musician that has toured in 26 countries.	male
A cunning forest officer denies that the tiger entered his range and sketches a plan to capture it and sell it to buyers. 	" The reason why the forest officer planned to capture Thumbaa is because it does not have the tracker, whereas all other tigers in the forest are being monitored."	male
"From 1961 until his retirement in 1989, Truesdell was professor of rational mechanics at Johns Hopkins University. "	" Truesdell was the founder and editor-in-chief of the journals Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis and Archive for History of Exact Sciences, which were unusual in several ways."	male
"A graduate of the École des Hautes Études Commerciales, he received his MBA from Columbia Business School where he was a Fulbright scholar. "	 Perraud was executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) of Schlumberger.	male
"As an independent project, in 1969 he founded the magazine m - The Magazine For Men. "	 Burda assumed the role of sole shareholder and CEO of Burda Holding in 1987.	male
His participation in a convocation of business leaders and students at Harvard University during the Vietnam War landed him in the Nixon Enemies List. 	 Palmieri served as the Deputy Rehabilitator and CEO at Mutual Benefit from 1991 until 1994.	male
"Valuable time was lost when the train manager refused to stop the train until he had investigated the problem himself, saying this was company policy. "	" This decision was upheld in court, absolving the train manager of all charges."	male
"When the organization had their first drill on October 25, 1858, the men were in civilian clothing as uniforms were not yet available. "	 The inspector was informed by Col. McLeays that:	male
"The officer was never identified, although Boswell gave a description of him at the time. "	" One SCS officer was convicted in 1983 of beating up suspects on the evidence of a police cadet, who was subsequently ostracised and resigned."	male
"During his military service, Brătianu studied engineering. "	" Brătianu received an engineer's diploma, but not a licence to practice."	male
"After four years competing in the major single-seater categories in Europe (2001–2005), and having proved himself driving for the low budget team Interwetten.com in World Series by Renault during its 2005 season, Rees was awarded a test in the renowned Italian dream Draco Racing in the winter of that same year. "	" The test opened new doors for the Brazilian driver, and 2006 was a promising year."	male
"His loyal service earned him the governorships of Izu Province, Kozuke and a number of others in turn, as well as a number of other high government positions. "	" Yorimitsu served as commander of a regiment of the Imperial Guard, and as a secretary in the Ministry of War."	male
Two years later Jallud assumed Gaddafi's remaining administrative and protocol duties to allow Gaddafi to devote his time to revolutionary theorizing. 	 Gaddafi remained commander in chief of the armed forces and effective head of state.	male
"Johannesen also set a total of four world records over the course of his career, the most famous of which was his 15:46.6 on the 10,000 m at the 1960 Olympics. "	" Beside skating, Johannesen worked as a carpenter and later ran a gas station."	male
"Halpin was promoted to second mate of Salem, a wool clipper on the Australia run, before he transferred over from sail to steam ships. "	 Halpin believed steam was the future of shipping and became first officer in Khersonese.	male
"Blume studied mathematics at Trinity College and pursued postgraduate study in finance at the University of Chicago, where he completed a master's degree and doctorate. "	" Blume was chief editor of the Journal of Finance from 1977 to 1980, and also served as editor of the Journal of Financial Economics, The Journal of Portfolio Management, and The Journal of Fixed Income."	male
"He worked on sessions for Fleetwood Mac, T.Rex, Yes, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Petula Clark, Jerry Lee Lewis and Osibisa. "	" Rushent progressed to senior assistant engineer, staff engineer, and eventually head engineer."	male
He also sang in The Work. 	 Hodgkinson is a self-taught musician.	male
"Simonson told the president in his 2006 resignation letter that he had accomplished what he had set out to do, and it was time to pursue other opportunities. "	 Simonson served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to bioterrorism and other public health emergencies.	male
"In the 1976 film The Last Hard Men, actor Charlton Heston portrayed Captain Sam Burgade, a retired Captain of the Arizona Rangers who pursues the ruthless outlaw who has escaped from prison and kidnapped Burgade's daughter for revenge. "	 Burgade had been the arresting officer for the crime that sent the outlaw to prison.	male
"In 1403, he was ordered to write a compilation of every subject and every known book of the Chinese. "	" Xie was appointed chief compiler of this encyclopedia, later named the Yongle Encyclopedia, and completed it by 1408."	male
Twice during his time at this school Constantin won a prize as the best mathematics student in Belgium. 	 At this stage Carathéodory began training as a military engineer.	male
"After brilliant conduct in the artillery, he has proven the highest qualities of courage by attacking numerous balloons and has shot down four. "	 Officer of the highest value; pursuit pilot of heroic bravery.	male
"At about 1:30 a.m. on the day of the explosions, the company called an inspector and informed him that there had been some leakage from the facility. "	 The inspector visited the site and checked for vapors on some nearby streets but did not notice a serious problem.	male
"Gabriel Józef Narutowicz (Polish: [ˈɡabrjɛl naruˈtɔvit͡ʂ]; 29 March 1865 – 16 December 1922) was a Polish professor of hydroelectric engineering and politician who served as the first President of Poland from 11 December 1922 until his assassination on 16 December, five days after assuming office. "	" A renowned engineer and politically independent, Narutowicz was the first elected head of state following Poland's regained sovereignty from partitioning powers."	male
"Since the architect has a deep involvement in the success of a project, he must perform his work under a clearly defined contract. "	" Under this contract, the architect and the owner are under the obligation of the contract and must abide by it."	male
He also contributed to the Royal Society and the International Union for Co-operation in Solar Research. 	 This was an important appointment for such a junior scientist.	male
"Byrnes began his talk show on March 23, 2011. "	" As of 2013, Byrnes also works as an analyst for select Pac-12 Network baseball games."	male
"On 19 December 1999, Llewelyn was driving alone to a book signing event when his Renault Mégane was involved in a head-on collision with a Fiat Bravo driven by a 35-year-old man on the A27 near the village of Berwick, East Sussex. "	 The other driver was seriously injured.	male
In 1945 he moved to Lübeck. 	 Kühnert's most active period as an architect was in the 1920s.	male
Ziri ibn Manad or Ziri son of Mennad (died in 971) was the founder of the Zirid dynasty in the Berber world. 	" Ziri ibn Mennad was a chief of the Takalata branch of the Sanhajah confederation, to which the Kutama Berbers belonged."	male
"The conductor arrives (speaking Italian but with an affected German accent), proving theatrically critical of the ensuing performance quality and equally quarrelsome with trade union representatives on site, wearing down the orchestra members as he commands them to play with exceedingly particular nuances bordering on absurd abstraction, leading several musicians to strip away clothing under the strain of this taxing effort. "	" Protesting the conductor's authoritarian abuses, the union reps intervene, spitefully announcing that all musicians will be taking a 20-minute double break."	male
The director produces the play in the way he envisages how it ought to be seen as he interprets what the playwright intended within the drama; he takes care of the effectiveness of the rehearsals of the actors; and coordinates the work of designers and technicians in the production. 	" The stage manager has to work with the director, and ascertain whether both the director's objectives and the perceptions of the stage designers are compatible and realistic."	male
"Firemen were in practice often engineers-in-training, learning the skills of train operation and assisting the engineer with the observation of signals and other routine aspects of his job performance, waiting for a job opportunity for promotion. "	" It was the conductor, not the locomotive engineer, who was most comparable to the captain of a ship."	male
"Pozzo was one of two delegates sent to the National Assembly in Paris to demand the political incorporation of Corsica into France, and was subsequently one of the Corsican deputies to the Legislative Assembly, where he sat on the benches of the right until the events of August 1792. "	" Under the new constitution Pozzo was elected procureur-general-syndic, that is, chief of the civil government, while Paoli commanded the army."	male
His father died in 1916. 	 Nussbaum first worked as a laborer for the Truck Company and at a box company in that same year.	male
"The ROC crest and cap badge depict a 16th-century soldier holding aloft a flaming torch while shielding his eyes with his free hand, as though looking towards a distant place or object. "	" Uniform tunic buttons, lapel badges and the reverse of the ROC Medal also depict the soldier in the same pose while standing beside a coastal signal fire or warning beacon, with a chain of lit beacons extending along the coastline into the far distance."	male
"Moreau studied this product according to his travels between 1837 and 1840 in Egypt and Syria, and Asia Minor. "	 This book was the first written by a scientist about a drug.	male
"Governor King recommended he take the office permanently despite his inebriate habits, for no other person in the colony was at all equal to that office and the salary, then about (Pounds)350 with the benefit of several assigned servants and land grants, was insufficient inducement. "	 Atkins remained the colony's principal legal officer for years.	male
He is currently chief executive of the Queensland Resources Council. 	" Macfarlane was born in Kingaroy, Queensland, and was a farmer and president of the Queensland Graingrowers Association before entering politics."	male
"By 1950, he was in charge of the Sierra Leone Organization Society. "	" After heading the departments of Health, Agriculture, and Forestry, Margai was elected chief minister in 1954."	male
"In his explorations, he also had a chance to name several geographical features in the largely unexplored central and northern parts of New Brunswick, including Mount Carleton, the highest summit in the province, which he named after the first Lieutenant-Governor of New Brunswick, Thomas Carleton. "	" As a scientist, Ganong brought a special quality to the study of New Brunswick history, which featured an emphasis on map-based studies and in determining the exact location of key historic sites."	male
"In 1999, he was awarded the Order of the Palmetto by then-Governor Jim Hodges. "	" Gustafson continued to conduct occasional programs at BJU until 2010, as well as remaining active as a conductor of high school all-state choirs and orchestras and conducting church choir clinics."	male
"While in college, he was a member of the Young Americans for Freedom. "	" After graduating from college, Souder worked as a marketing manager and small business owner."	male
"It was thought that he was used to driving without a speedometer and so had misjudged his speed on the approach to Lincoln, entering a 15 mph curve at around 55 mph. "	" The driver had also evidently been inattentive because the home signal near the curve was not cleared until the train was almost at it, yet it passed the signal at around 60 mph."	male
"After a brief shootout, the policeman wounded Gaggi in the neck and arrested him. "	" Although charged with the murders, and the attempted murder of the police officer, Gaggi was only convicted of assault."	male
"In the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s, he worked with The Soft Machine, Savoy Brown, Ten Years After, King Crimson and Led Zeppelin. "	 As engineer unless otherwise specified:	male
Per's father Hauk Aabel played the starring role as Jeppe; it has been extremely unusual in Norwegian cinema for a son to direct a film with his father in a leading role. 	 Jeppe is a poor farmer who drinks too much.	male
"A few days later, the child is kidnapped by Gort and Hiller is also captured: both are taken to a derelict house where he encounters Salto (Hope). "	 It transpires that Hiller is a computer programmer who Salto had bribed to obtain details of the security system at a bank near Heathrow Airport.	male
"Guggenheim Foundation selected Frank Gehry as the architect, and its director, Thomas Krens, encouraged him to design something daring and innovative. "	 The curves on the exterior of the building were intended to appear random; the architect said that the randomness of the curves are designed to catch the light.	male
"Using its ability to manipulate matter, he plans to transform this dying world from a volcanic wasteland back to its former splendour. "	 The alien scientist makes a gruesome revelation: Psyche derives its energy from the minds of intelligent beings.	male
"In addition to his substantial contributions to web standards, Pemberton was also one of the developers of the ABC programming language and of the Views System, an open-architecture user interface system and application environment. "	 Pemberton was editor-in-chief of SIGCHI Bulletin from 1993 to 1999 and of ACM Interactions from 1998 to 2004.	male
In minutes he preempted any possibility of violent resistance from hard-line priistas. 	 It was an act of electoral integrity that will forever mark the mild-mannered economist as a historic figure of Mexico's peaceful transition to democracy.	male
Krohg's style made him a leading figure in the transition from romanticism to naturalism. 	" Krohg was the founding and editor-in-chief of the Kristiania Bohemian journal, Impressionisten from 1886 until 1890."	male
"Voyager is based on the 1957 novel Homo Faber by Swiss author Max Frisch, who wrote the novel as a reflection on his country's complex role during World War II. "	" The main character shows some resemblance to Frisch, a frustrated architect turned author."	male
"Anu is depressed that Balu sacrificed himself to save her, searches for him and loses hope. "	 Balu is saved by a truck driver and admitted to a hospital.	male
After Bayer he was the CEO of Treofan Group. 	" Prior to Neste, Vanacker was the CEO and Managing Director of CABB Group GmbH from 2015 to 2018."	male
"According to Goetz he then approached Cabey and shot him on the ground; however, another witness disputed that Goetz shot Cabey a second time. "	 Cabey ended up slumped in the short seat in the corner of the car next to the conductor's cab.	male
Tinhead was elated by his success and eager for another heist. 	" Towards the end of the series, Tinhead worked as a limousine driver."	male
"On March 9, 2018, he announced he was leaving BioWare once again to pursue his independent work. "	 Karpyshyn was at one point employed as a loan officer.	male
The driver saw Duggan move onto the road in front of him. 	" The car swerved from the inside lane to the outside, but the driver said Duggan leapt in front of the car, arms raised and mouth open."	male
His mother was Russian. 	" During World War I, Zoshchenko served in the army as a field officer, was wounded in action several times, and was heavily decorated."	male
"He has spent his political career representing Pernambuco, having served as state representative since 2011. "	 Before entering politics Coutinho worked as a civil engineer.	male
"Five years later, he was dismissed from the State Department after Joseph McCarthy accused him of being a Communist. "	 The former Foreign Service officer challenged the dismissal in court.	male
"While he was Managing Director of Internode, he was frequently active in the Internode forum on Whirlpool, and is a vocal commentator on Australian telecommunications competition issues and Government policies. "	" Hackett stepped down from the Redflow board effective at the 2018 AGM, while remaining involved in a technical role as Systems Integration Architect."	male
Lie joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after receiving his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. 	 Lie was editor-in-chief for Det 20de Aarhundre ('The 20th Century') from 1919 to 1921.	male
"They formed a songwriting duo who produced about forty songs and created Buscaglione's public persona, a humorous tough guy with a penchant for whisky and women. "	" At that time, Chiosso was a university student, while Buscaglione eked out a living as a jazz singer and musician in those clubs."	male
"Sensing that it was unsafe for him to remain in Germany he emigrated to the United States in 1936, where he became professor at the University of California, Berkeley. "	 Goldschmidt was the first scientist to use the term hopeful monster.	male
"There was then an argument between Dibdin and Harris over payment for the work, with the result that Dibdin instead embarked on a project to construct the Royal Circus, (afterwards known as the Surrey Theatre) for mixed entertainments of various kinds, he planning to form a combination of the stage and an equestrian ring or hippodrome. "	" Several parties including the landowner advanced the funds and became proprietors, and Dibdin was appointed sole manager for life, to receive a quarter of the profits."	male
"He was largely autonomous on his patch, answering only to the divisional superintendent and only calling in support from Scotland Yard for very serious crimes such as murder. "	" The rank was discontinued in 1949, when it was regraded to detective chief inspector."	male
"Daukantas' education was financed by his uncle, priest Simonas Lopacinskis (died in 1814). "	" When the school was visited by an inspector from Vilnius University in 1808, Daukantas was listed among 16 exemplary second-year students (out of total 68 students)."	male
"They never believed they would actually get the musician to appear in the film, but thought putting him in the script would make the studio excited about it. "	" Cusack knew Springsteen socially, and called the musician up and pitched the idea."	male
"In early 1875, he moved to Cañon City, Colorado, and worked for James Clelland in his general mercantile store. "	" Peabody quickly climbed the ladder at Clelland's store, becoming a manager, then a full partner, and then purchasing the store outright in 1882."	male
"He also studied conducting under Erich Kleiber, and Karl Muck. "	" Konoye co-founded the Japan Symphonic Association in 1925, and the following year became conductor of the orchestra."	male
"When Bjerknes' grant ended, he was hired by Otto Pettersson as his main assistant at the Swedish Hydrographic and Biological Commission. "	 Pettersson is the chief scientist of the Commission's research vessel fleet.	male
Watson was frustrated by the number of children who committed a petty crime and faced him in his courtroom. 	" As a law official, the sheriff arrested the vagrant children and enrolled them in school."	male
"Despite the club's slide down the table, he denied he would resign, but it was reported that two late goals from summer signing Gareth Evans to give City a late 2–1 away at Torquay United saved McCall from being sacked. "	" However, defeat to Bury in the club's following fixture was McCall's last game as manager, with McCall saying after the game: It's time for somebody else to come in and take up the reins and hopefully do well."	male
"The Romantic revival, seeing in him a victim of its special bête noire Boileau, and attracted by his splendid diction, rich metrical faculty, and combination of classical and medieval peculiarities, adopted his name as a kind of battle-cry, and for the moment exaggerated his merits somewhat. "	 Ronsard was the acknowledged chief of the Pléiade and its most voluminous poet.	male
"The Hasidim then asked the Rebbe's daughter Malka and her husband, Rabbi Dr. Menachem Mendel Brayer, a teacher at Yeshiva University, to offer one of their two young sons to be groomed for the position. "	" The elder, Yigal, an aerospace engineer, was suggested and then rejected."	male
He finished 6th in a thin field and was advised to retire on medical grounds after a heavy crash in the final round. 	 Soper was voted the greatest saloon car driver ever by readers of Motor Sport.	male
"After the World War I he worked as an independent architect in the city of Brno, until 1939. "	 Wiesner was a very active architect in the city between the World Wars.	male
"Bore started his career as an attacking player, playing as a winger or a striker, before being converted into playing at right-back. "	 Bore now works as a Police Officer for Humberside Police.	male
"In 1836, he became a surgeon in the marine brigade which took part in the Carlist War, gaining distinction through his services. "	 Alcock was made deputy inspector-general of hospitals.	male
While wrestling on the independent circuit he worked as an accountant during the day. 	 Among these included the IPWA (Independent Pro Wrestling Association) Wohl was originally cast as the manager of a group known as the Rat Pack.	male
He lived for about 10 years in the South of France where he built yachts. 	" Huggett was reported to have been an intelligence officer, who from 1989 ran a school for children in Hampshire."	male
He demonstrated that the emission is mostly concentrated in the microwave spectral range. 	" By 1950, Prokhorov was assistant chief of the oscillation laboratory."	male
"Grote went on to accept a faculty position as an associate professor of chemistry at his alma mater in 1931, and eventually moved on to professor of chemistry in 1941. "	" From 1941 to 1972 Grote also served as scientific advisor for the Chattanooga Medicine Company, later to be called Chattem Co."	male
"In Western Australia, in the Marsh v Baxter case, a GM canola farmer was sued by his organic neighbour because GM canola contamination led to the loss of organic certification. "	" Although the facts of the case and the losses to the organic farmer were agreed between the parties, the judge did not find the GM farmer liable for the losses."	male
"He obtained leave of absence in 1898 to inquire into methods of teaching electrical subjects in Europe, but on his return resigned his chair as from 31 December 1898, as circumstances had made it necessary that he should live in England. "	" Threlfall now became a consulting engineer and established a high reputation as an electro-chemist, combining chemical insight with the aptitude of an engineer."	male
"What is known is that Abu Yusuf became a close acquaintance of Abbasid caliph, Harun al-Rashid, who eventually granted him the title of Grand Qadi, or Qadi 'l-qudat; the first time such a title had been conferred upon someone in Islamic history. "	 This made the position of Grand Qadi analogous to a modern-day chief justice.	male
"He only completed two of the 21 races he entered, although more of these were due to mechanical failures than driver errors. "	 1997 would be the last year Campos would spend as a professional driver.	male
Kurtz has publicly declined to state his political affiliation. 	" As a high-profile media critic and analyst, Kurtz's political leanings and multiple employers and possible biases have been discussed by fellow media critics and pundits."	male
"After taking a hiatus (2001-2009) from film and dramatic television, he returned in 2009 as attorney Alvin Potter for Robert Townsend's Musical Theater of Hope. "	 Franks came to television as a youth performing on variety shows as a musician and singer.	male
"Prior to his entry in provincial politics, Fournier was the defeated candidate of the Liberal Party of Canada in Châteauguay in 1988 and was also involved in the leadership campaign of Paul Martin for Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada in which Jean Chrétien eventually won. "	" Before the Quebec Liberal Party took power in the 2003 election, Fournier at various moments served as the chief whip of the official opposition, critic for Canadian intergovernmental affairs, as well as critic for health."	male
It looked like he would soar on for all time. 	 The illusion was helped by the conductor in the orchestra pit who held the penultimate chord.	male
"Approximately 40,000 men served with the division between 1940 and 1946. "	 The following officers served as commanding officer of the 7th Division:	male
He is close friends with Harley's father.[vol. 49:extra] His Japanese voice actor is Masato Sako and Shinji Ogawa while his English voice actor is Doug Burks. 	" Otaki is the head inspector of the Osaka district, and good friends with Heizo Hattori and Ginshiro Toyama."	male
"Craig Shakespeare took over as caretaker manager, and in his first match in charge, Leicester won 3–1 against fifth-placed Liverpool, with Vardy scoring a brace. "	" Following two impressive results and initiating the type of positive response that we hoped change would bring, the club's owners then decided Shakespeare would become the club's manager until the end of the season."	male
"Sowry was born in Palmerston North, and attended Tararua College in Pahiatua where he was head boy. "	" After working for a time at the Valuation Department, Sowry was employed by Hannahs, shoe manufacturers and retailers as a retail manager."	male
"If the driver now moves his control to the brake position, air is admitted to the train pipe. "	" According to the driver's manipulation of the control, some or all of the vacuum will be destroyed in the process."	male
"The final series of Superteams was duly won by 'Watersports' (a team representing swimming, water-skiing and diving) which was led by Olympic swimmer Robin Brew who excelled at running events and also in the gym tests, where the bar jump became his speciality. "	" The RAF officer then completed a successful first year in Superstars by becoming the last ever International champion, this time much more comfortably."	male
"It is true that Mendeleev in 1892 became head of the Archive of Weights and Measures in Saint Petersburg, and evolved it into a government bureau the following year, but that institution was charged with standardising Russian trade weights and measuring instruments, not setting any production quality standards, Also, Mendeleev's 1865 doctoral dissertation was entitled A Discourse on the combination of alcohol and water, but it only discussed medical-strength alcohol concentrations over 70%, and he never wrote anything about vodka. "	 A number of places and objects are associated with the name and achievements of the scientist.	male
In April 2005 he took on the post of chief executive officer of IT:Autostrade per l'Italia. 	" Following the transformation of the Autostrade Group into Atlantia, Castellucci also assumed the role of chief executive officer of the new holding."	male
"After he and the others escaped Planet Doom, went to the Castle of Lions on Planet Arus, where they met Princess Allura and Coran and were designated as the Voltron Force. "	 Hunk is a mechanic and Voltron Force member.	male
"LePointe, while riding a limousine with local health officials, is attacked by two infected crewmen who use a jackhammer through the vehicle door and drag the driver out to feed on him. "	" The other official and LePointe, forced to leave their driver behind, escape by driving in reverse."	male
"Schwartz started his career in 1987 at McKinsey & Company in New York City, focused on serving consumer products and financial services companies.[citation needed] In 1989, Schwartz left McKinsey and moved to Chevy Chase, Maryland, where he was a co-founder of Lighthouse Design, a company focused on building software for NeXT Computer, Inc. "	" Eventually, Schwartz became chief executive officer of Lighthouse."	male
"He, along with his team, discovered natural antisense RNA. "	" Inouye was also a key scientist involved in the discovery and characterization of retrons, which are retroviral-like elements found in various bacterial genomes."	male
He named Gutfeld his successor. 	 Zinczenko became editor-in-chief in 2000.	male
"Alongside his communications management roles he specialised in crisis management and counterterrorist issues, and his final posting was to create and lead Britain's civil crisis management unit and the government's communication specialists. "	" After working as a trade and local news journalist, Granatt joined the civil service in 1979 as an information officer."	male
In the summer of 2013 he replaced Thomas Maale as manager of the club. 	 Following a successful first season as manager Krogh was hired as manager of Næstved BK in the summer of 2014.	male
It is still incredible to me that he actually brought the orchestra through to the end. 	" The extensive press coverage of the incident made Monteux at age thirty-eight, truly a famous conductor."	male
While working at Borgward Focke set up a wind tunnel in a disused hangar in central Bremen; this wind tunnel was rediscovered in 1997 and is today the centerpiece of a museum devoted to him. 	" After Borgward collapsed in 1961, Focke became a consulting engineer with Vereinigte Flugtechnische Werke of Bremen and Deutsche Forschungsanstalt für Luft-und Raumfahrt."	male
"During his career, he was a three-time MLB All-Star. "	" After retiring as a player, Kruk became a baseball analyst for ESPN."	male
"Thompson also said, the 'social commentary' on this album is akin to a sociopath's discharging his AK-47 into a crowded schoolyard, with the machine gun bursts interrupted by Pee-wee Herman's views on politics. "	 The sheriff had previously told local retailers that selling the album could result in a prosecution for obscenity violations.	male
"From 1926 to 1930, he was the Minister of Labour, and became known as Peter the Peacemaker for settling 160 labour disputes in his first three years. "	 Heenan still found time to work as a locomotive engineer when the House was not in session.	male
"After his basic military service in 1975, he graduated at the Theresian Military Academy. "	" from 1988 to 1991, Commenda was the chief instructor of tactics at the National Defense Academy."	male
"The son of a French wine importer and his German wife, Claude Dornier was born in Bavaria where he grew up and attended school, with science being his chief interest. "	" As a young engineer, Dornier first worked on strength calculations at the Nagel Engineering Works in Karlsruhe."	male
"Secrist, son of J.S. "	" Secrist, volunteered as the construction manager with all other laborers volunteering their time as well."	male
"He rather sharply and emotionally criticized his predecessors and opponents, but he treated students warmly, seeing them as like-minded people, communicated informally, took them to exhibitions, to the cinema, to cafes. "	" A successful career was overshadowed by the fact that Zinoviev was in fact restricted to leave, although the scientist was repeatedly invited to foreign events."	male
"The engine driver, who had never driven the route before (but had been over it with excursion trains when a fireman), objected to these instructions, saying that his instructions were that the train was to be of thirteen vehicles at most. "	" Two other witnesses said that the driver had asked for a second engine if more carriages were added and had been refused by the station master, as none were available; the driver (in supplementary evidence given through the railway company's officers) denied this."	male
"While Bandem is well known for his creative directing in monumental works in Balinese performing arts, he also masters the Gagaku and Bugaku, the classical Japanese music and dance that he learned from his teacher Matsaro Togi, a national treasure of classical Japanese dance. "	" Furthermore, Bandem is also a culture engineer."	male
"Whilst still hugely popular with both the club's fans and his own players, Bassett resigned from the club in June 1987, after chairman Sam Hammam attempted to insert a clause into Bassett's contract that would allow Hammam to veto Bassett's team selections. "	 Bassett's reign as Watford manager was short-lived.	male
"The discs now increase his physical attributes in geometric progression to numbers of victims wearing slave discs, and he was able to control the actions of all persons wearing the discs. "	" The Controller is a highly skilled chemist and mechanical engineer, with a college degree in chemistry and electrical and mechanical engineering."	male
Army officers forced him to relocate with his people to a small camp close to the Pine Ridge Agency. 	 Here the soldiers could more closely watch the old chief.	male
"During the clearing of this mud, Amos and his men discovered another area in the caverns that had been blocked for many years, by a large amount of mud. "	" Upon clearing the newly discovered area, the geologist discovered anthodites."	male
"In 1998, he was named principal conductor, and he became music director in 2004. "	" Solzhenitsyn stepped down as music director in 2010, and became conductor laureate."	male
Cantwell reminisces about the past while Renata (an 18-year-old countess with whom Cantwell spends the last days of his life) lives in the present. 	 Cantwell is a character in opposition: a tough soldier yet a tender friend and lover.	male
"Finally he encounters a derelict street musician, the first and only instance in the cycle in which another character is present. "	" The mysterious and ominous nature of the musician, along with the question posed in the last lines, leave the fate of the wanderer open to interpretation."	male
"Under section 50(1) of the Police Force Ordinance, a police officer can apprehend (i.e. arrest) a person if he reasonably suspects the person being arrested is guilty of an offence. "	 Whether there is such a reasonable suspicion in a particular case is to be determined objectively by reference to facts and information which the arresting officer has at the time of the arrest.	male
"He was born in Rimouski, Quebec, the son of Francois Parent and Adelaide Tremblay, and came to Manitoba with his family in 1876 by way of Woonsocket, Rhode Island. "	" Parent was a farmer, grain dealer and financial agent."	male
Knapp's parents divorced when she was three and she spent an unhappy childhood with her remarried father until leaving home at 18. 	" As a classically trained musician Knapp played trumpet in high school, and attended Pittsburg State University on a music scholarship."	female
"On her return to India, Albuquerque worked with Jerusha Jhirad at the Bangalore Maternity Hospital, as senior obstetrician from 1922 to 1925. "	" After Jhirad left for Bombay, Albuquerque became senior medical officer at the hospital."	female
Between 2015 and 2017 she was named three times as an NFHCA All-American while playing for Louisville Cardinals. 	" While based in Louisville, Kentucky, McFerran also worked as a goalkeeper coach at a local field hockey club, IFHCK."	female
"On May 30, 1999, Police Officer Tiffany Hickey died six days after she sustained injuries in a motor vehicle collision during pursuit of a suspect. "	" Officer Hickey radioed dispatch to notify them of the chase but, due to an antiquated radio system, dispatch never heard the call because another officer was transmitting."	female
"The first woman to hold the rank of chief constable was Pauline Clare, appointed Chief Constable of the Lancashire Constabulary on 14 June 1995. "	 The population of areas for which chief constables are responsible varies from a few hundred thousand to two or three million and it is commonplace for chief constables for larger force areas to be drawn from the chief constables of smaller forces.	female
One of the most significant contributors of Garm was Tove Jansson who started her career in the magazine as a cartoonist in 1929 when she was just fifteen. 	 Over time the former became the magazine's chief illustrator.	female
In 2003 she graduated from the Moscow State Academy of Instrument Engineering and Information qualified as an economist. 	" Prior to enrollment as a cosmonaut, Serova had worked as an engineer of the 2nd category for the RSC Energia, and in the Mission Control Center."	female
She also finished 17th in the two-woman event at the 2005 FIBT World Championships in Calgary. 	 Gavine-Hlady also was awarded the track and field award for most improved coach.	female
"Instead, she has been perceived as a COO who avoids engaging in this crisis. "	" Sandberg, the architect of the business model that is now the subject of so much scrutiny, has remained silent in public."	female
"Ursula, Lady Walsingham, continued to live at Barn Elms with a staff of servants until her death in 1602. "	" Protestants lauded Walsingham as a sound pillar of our commonwealth and chief patron of virtue, learning and chivalry."	female
"Fearing that Erythrina succumbed to temptation for power, Pollack visits her "	" The elderly Charteris, an early military computer programmer, reveals that the Mailman was not an extraterrestrial, but a National Security Agency AI research project to protect government systems."	female
"Despite her forensic skills, Monge's main work actually focuses on several topics including the preservation and accessibility of Computed Topography (CT) datasets, traditional radiology, human dental micro-anatomy, and production and distribution of high quality fossil casts. "	" As the Associate Director and Manager of the Casting Program, Monge oversees 3000 molds and casts representing fossils from every phase of human evolution."	female
"After French and Saunders graduated from the Royal Central School, they decided to form a double-act called the Menopause Sisters. "	" The manager of the club recalled, They didn't seem to give a damn."	female
She was president of Iḷisaġvik College from 2005 to 2010. 	 Grinage has worked as campaign manager and previously was the owner of a of a publishing business.	female
"She reported that she briefed no go-around because no takeoffs were authorized on the runway at night or in IMC conditions; however, the first officer knew this was incorrect, but did not challenge the captain. "	 The captain said the first officer was passive and quiet.	female
"After receiving her MFA, Guzman returned to Apple and worked there for five years on projects including FaceTime, iMessage, and additional emoji sets. "	" As of 2020 Guzman is the CEO and founder of Tijiko, a company centered on digital coaching."	female
"She was the nominee for comptroller of the currency before her nomination was withdrawn at her request on December 7, 2021. "	 Omarova previously served as an advisor within the Department of the Treasury.	female
"Her last match for the USA was on November 5, 2008, against the Korea Republic. "	 Scurry was appointed general manager of the WPS franchise magicJack beginning with the 2011 season.	female
"Following the Quackenbush events and the term of the acting commissioner (during which period Ossias was assigned only minor cases, thereby appeasing insurers allegedly lobbying for her termination), John Garamendi was reelected Insurance Commissioner. "	" Under Garamendi, Ossias served as lead counsel/project manager in CDI's case involving the claims and business practices of the nation's largest disability income insurance holding company, UnumProvident Corp."	female
"While not seen by the others as a superhero, she is very intelligent and organized. "	" Concierge is present on most missions, often seen with a tablet computer, filling in with needed resources that others often lack."	female
"Dr. Mathur has a teaching experience of more than 16 years, she started her career as an assistant professor in 2003 at Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi. "	 Dr. Mathur is a very proactive Scientist and has been into various extramural and administrative activities.	female
She captained both Orioles and Fever. 	" After retiring as a player, Rosman became a coach."	female
Oramics was also the name used by Oram to refer to her studio and business interests generally. 	" The musician drew shapes on the film to create a mask, which modulated the light received by photocells."	female
She clerked for Justice Alan B. Handler of the New Jersey Supreme Court and has taught at University of Washington since 1996. 	" As of 2011, Ramasastry is a senior advisor in the International Trade Administration at the US Dept."	female
"The final member of Empowered's primary supporting cast is an immortal, cosmically powerful being called The Caged Demonwolf, whom Empowered prevented from destroying the Earth by imprisoning its essence within a bondage belt gained from another of her previous misadventures. "	" While The Caged Demonwolf was initially hostile, it has since become both an advisor and friend to Empowered, Thugboy and Ninjette."	female
"Severian, who believes this is an indirect means for the Autarch to execute him for his crime, is forced to accept, and he departs with the sister, Agia, to secure an avern, a deadly plant used for dueling. "	" While on their way, urged by Agia's bet to a passing fiacre, their driver crashes into and destroys the altar of a religious order, where Agia is accused of stealing a precious artifact."	female
She has also worked at the highest level in the Treasury at the Chambers of Commerce in Kraków. 	 Marianowska possesses the best of qualifications and is a proficient manager.	female
She received her B.S. in nursing education from the University of Minnesota School of Nursing. 	 Woodman served as chief nurse of the XXIV Corps.	female
She is noted for her interpretations of French mélodies and German lieder. 	" Stutzmann also plays piano, bassoon and is a chamber musician."	female
"In 1976, Knottenbelt had her work featured in an exhibit entitled Destination: Europe at Optica Gallery. "	 Knottenbelt is a registered architect.	female
They served as the Human Rights Campaign's National Coming Out Project Spokesperson for 1995 and was named one of Esquire's Women We Love and Women of the Year for Ms. magazine. 	" They are currently the Senior Manager of the Human Rights Campaign's Youth & Campus Outreach, as well as the Human Rights Campaign's HRC University Internship Program coordinator."	female
"She was initially appointed Commissioner in 1997, and is the first Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario to have been re-appointed for a third term. "	" Serving as an officer of the provincial legislature, the Commissioner is independent of the government of the day."	female
"Later that month she rejoined TF 58 for raids on Palau, Yap, Ulithi and Woleai from 30 March to 1 April; support of the Hollandia operation in New Guinea on 21 April and 22; and a repeat raid on Truk from 29 April to 1 May. "	" During the invasion of Guam Dortch patrolled west of the island as life guard and fighter director ship, as well as screening the carriers that provided air support for the troops ashore."	female
"In the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada, they became the 1st Senior Australian Football Team to win a knockout match in a World Cup when they defeated Brazil 1–0 in the Round of 16 before losing 1–0 to Japan in the quarter finals. "	" Currently, Stajcic stands as the only Australian-born head coach to win a match at a FIFA World Cup."	female
One of her major innovations was her creation of an apparatus for radio-wave reception. 	 Hamburger joined the Swiss military in 1939 and was promoted to chief of the telecommunication troops in 1950.	female
"On 25 March 2017, Kam Dhillon reported a yet-to-be completed skyscraper design designed by Hadid prior to her death in 2016 in an article titled Zaha Hadid Architects Unveils Monumental Skyscraper Project for NYC. "	" A futuristic building, faithful to the imprint of the architect, which should host the biggest cultural events of the Moroccan capital."	female
She is the only speaker in the Conference's 10-year history to be invited to speak more than once. 	 Hatchett has appeared on numerous media outlets as a guest commentator and legal analyst on national issues.	female
"In September 2004, Exley scored after four seconds of a League Cup tie against Aston Villa from inside her own half. "	" Exley was top scorer for Doncaster Belles in the following two seasons, winning the manager's Player of the Year award in 2006."	female
"In 2005 she was named one of 24 rising stars in American politics by the Aspen Institute's Rodel Foundation, a leading nonpartisan think tank. "	" As CEO of a $50mm government agency, Carnahan emerged as a national leader in pioneering the use of innovative technology to save money and improve government service delivery for businesses and citizens."	female
"Fortunately for the women, an Austrian soldier unlocked the door of the building and the women and girls managed to escape. "	 The Germans shot the soldier who had set them free.	female
"Morissette (as the driver) gets out of the car, and all her passengers have disappeared. "	" The driver in a red knit beanie was the one in control, the responsible one."	female
"Murby was a founder member of the Fabian Women's Group, and served as its treasurer in its early years. "	" By the 1920s, Murby had become a health inspector."	female
"Lady Rosebery owned large investments in North America, including ranches in Texas and mines in Montana. "	 The newspaper went on to describe Rosebery as looking like a prosperous farmer.	female
"Titre returned to EA Games in 2013, where she worked on Dance Central 3 and The Sims 4. "	" Around 2015, Titre started working as the manager of the art and computer animation department for Ubisoft."	female
"To the amusement of many, this year an artist had a painting in the parade showing a naked female bicyclist next to a baton-wielding police officer. "	 The panel was put on a small platform on wheels and parade goers were invited to have their pictures taken with their heads poking out of the holes of the naked bicyclists and the officer.	female
"The investigation began with one Raymond James manager, who worked from an office in her Wisconsin home, handling approximately 700 accounts and selling mainly mutual funds and variable annuities. "	 The Wisconsin manager was accused of selling unsuitable aggressive mutual funds and variable annuities over a four-year period.	female
"Her specialist subject was the children's books of Roald Dahl, and she came 2nd in the show. "	 Nemone is an accomplished musician.	female
"On 13 May 1944, Rowden together with three other captured female SOE agents, Andrée Borrel, Vera Leigh and Sonia Olschanezky, were moved from Fresnes to the Avenue Foch along with four other women whose names were Yolande Beekman, Madeleine Damerment, Eliane Plewman and Odette Sansom, all of whom were F Section agents. "	" Later that day they were taken to the railway station, and each handcuffed to a guard upon alighting the train."	female
"She also agreed to pay the maximum penalty of three times the losses she avoided, or $195,000. "	" Bacanovic agreed to pay penalties totaling about $75,000, and was barred associating with a broker, dealer or investment adviser."	female
"She was the moderator and managing editor of Washington Week and co-anchor and co-managing editor, with Judy Woodruff, of the PBS NewsHour, both of which air on PBS. "	 Ifill was a political analyst and moderated the 2004 and 2008 vice-presidential debates.	female
She sought to establish academic alliances research funding and commercial partnerships within Gibraltar as well as beyond the Straits of Gibraltar. 	" As CEO, the University hosted the UNCTAD Centre of Excellence and the EU Brexit Referendum."	female
"1] She received 49 votes (0.12%), finishing sixth against Conservative candidate Steven Fletcher. "	 Sidon was an overhead door mechanic in the Transcona region of Winnipeg at the time of the election.	female
"Since she is from an alternative universe (pre-Crisis Earth Two), kryptonite has no effect on her, but she is still vulnerable to magic. "	 Terrific as a first rate scientist.	female
She joined her school's choir club and broadcast theater club to hone her vocal skills. 	" After deciding to pursue a career as a musician, Halca considered various singing auditions."	female
"The two remaining convicts begin to suspect the undercover cop, and threaten to kill the geologist if she doesn't reveal herself. "	" A fight ensues between the convicts and the undercover officer, assisted by the geologist."	female
She is the victor of the short fight and disperses with her opponents in a variety of ways such as tossing them into water troughs or slamming their face off the side of the wooden buildings. 	 The sheriff is obviously nervous of the impact that this new character is having on the town and spits in disdain.	female
"In 1917, Shouse was able to utilize experience acquired through her undergraduate and her prior activist activities. "	 Shouse was hired as the assistant to the chief.	female
"Founder Kathi Kamen Goldmark died on May 24, 2012, and the group disbanded a month later, following a memorial concert in her honor. "	 Goldmark was then a musician whose day job was in book publicity.	female
"While in 1799, it is the father (Fenwick) who is the enlightened soul and his male friends are also scientists (Armstrong, the physician, and Roget, the to-be-author of the thesaurus), his wife (Susannah) is a stereotypical wife of the time and their two daughters (Maria and Harriet) are expected to be such, too. "	 The decision of one of them to become a scientist leads to disapproval.	female
"Later, she received a Doctor of Philosophy in International Health Studies from Queen Margaret University, in Edinburgh, Scotland. "	 Ssali is an experienced social scientist with a long track record in the field stretching back to the late 1990s.	female
A Detroit police officer alleged that LeDuff's stories asserted that she moonlighted as a stripper and danced at a never-proven party at the Detroit mayor's mansion. 	 The officer denied both accusations.	female
"She graduated from Beşikdüzü High School of Education at 1978, and moved to Istanbul with her family right after, where she studied architecture in Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University and graduated in 1978. "	" After graduating from university, Aktas worked as an architect, media consultant and journalist."	female
Faces was founded in 1997 by three participants in the first wave of net art  	" Initially, Huffman and McCarty served as co-moderators and Djordjevic as technical advisor."	female
"On March 8, 2017, during an International Women's Day panel discussion on ABC Local Radio, Wriedt clarified that she was not a member of any political party, saying that after she retired from Parliament in 2009 she “did not receive a membership renewal form from the ALP, which I took as a message that I was no longer welcome”. "	 Wriedt was appointed executive officer of Cystic Fibrosis Tasmania in 2010.	female
Murillo played for four different teams in Honduras until her retirement in the 90s. 	" Later, Murillo worked for the Inter-American Development Bank as a producer and developer of reports and research."	female
"Before becoming Ukraine's first female prime minister in 2005, Tymoshenko co-led the Orange Revolution. "	" After graduating from the Dnipropetrovsk State University in 1984, Tymoshenko worked as an engineer-economist in the Dnipro Machine-Building Plant (which produced missiles) in Dnipropetrovsk until 1988."	female
"She graduated from University of California, Davis with a Bachelor's degree in International Relations and French. "	" Dixson-Declѐve has previously been an advisor to members of the European Parliament, European Commission Presidents, and governments around the world."	female
"After graduating college in 1979, she became involved in punk culture via collage art, color xerox postcards and mail art. "	" Kossy eventually became a computer programmer, but also published zines because Publishing is power, pure and simple, and turned author and folklorist."	female
"In 2016, she was elected as Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences. "	 Kattumuri is actively engaged in charitable activities as advisor and committee member with several global non-governmental organisations.	female
A few weeks later she was given a major spread in an article about the newly formed Women's Auxiliary Army Corps. 	 The image of a WAAC officer candidate (at right) comes from this shoot.	female
"Pastore started her career at the University of Oxford as a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Biochemistry, working alongside Iain Donald Campbell. "	 Pastore was subsequently appointed a staff scientist position at European Molecular Biology Laboratory in 1988.	female
"As a coup de grâce, Tyrell kills the last surviving Echo and explains that Dr Tucker was taken for a reason: she has been genetically changed in order to become half-human, half-nD, an overseer for the nDs' latest crop – humanity. "	 The previously escaped NATO officer is running amok in the countryside.	female
Hsieh began her law enforcement career after her husband died of cancer. 	" Hsieh was subsequently assigned to Jingmei Precinct first as deputy chief, and later first division chief."	female
"She is also the author of the book Worth It: Your Life, Your Money, Your Terms (2017, Simon and Schuster) Steinberg graduated from The Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania in 1995 and from Columbia College, where she was an urban studies major, in 1999. "	 Steinberg was first a computer programmer.	female
"In 1209, William I of Scotland sent his daughters Margaret and Isobel to John as hostages to keep peace between Scotland and England, and they were also imprisoned at Corfe Castle along with Eleanor. "	 They were sometimes allowed to ride out under the strictest guard.	female
Hutchins is the only female presenter of the series. 	 A singer and musician who plays the harmonica and the concertina.	female
"She subsequently devoted herself to recording Max Reger’s complete works for violin solo, which she presented in 2003. "	 Eggebrecht has contributed greatly as a chamber musician to the discovery of worthwhile music by neglected composers.	female
"In 1999, she defended her PhD dissertation, titled State Regulation of the tax system, at the Kyiv National Economic University and received a Ph.D. in Economics. "	 Tymoshenko has worked as a practicing economist and academic.	female
"During the height of its industrial prowess Holyoke was a regular stop on Vaudeville circuits, with its most famous actress, Eva Tanguay, known as The Girl Who Made Vaudeville Famous. "	" Tanguay was soon discovered by a Pennsylvania touring company, and went on to become the first American popular musician to achieve mass-media celebrity."	female
The Vital Voices Global Leadership Network connects thousands of women leaders who have participated in Vital Voices conferences and training programs around the globe. 	 Verveer served as Chair of the Board and Co-CEO until early 2009.	female
"In 1977, she founded LaNier and Company, a real estate brokerage company. "	" For over 30 years, LaNier has worked as a professional real estate broker."	female
"Born in Bedford, Beardsmore attended the independent Dame Alice Harpur School in her hometown, then studied for a BA in English and Politics at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and also went to Luton College of Higher Education. "	 Beardsmore joined the BBC in 1977 as secretary to the Manager of Operations and later as a production assistant.	female
"Adams married his wife, Mary, in the late 1970s. "	 The pair met when the latter travelled to the Northwest Territories to find work as a home economist.	female
"She thought about it for a few hours, ran it by upper management, and told me to write it up. "	 That was a natural bridge as a programmer.	female
"Before qualifying for the 1997 World Junior Curling Championships, she was never very interested in the sport. "	 Jentsch is employed as a soldier athlete.	female
Sunny then defected to the Gunns' side because she only wanted to manage champions. 	" Meanwhile, the Bodydonnas announced that they were searching for a new manager."	female
"Officer was 15 years old when she was playing in the Highlander Curling Club in Winnipeg, Manitoba. "	" I was a bit star-struck, Officer said."	female
Geske earned her J.D. degree from the Marquette University Law School in 1975. 	 Geske worked as chief staff attorney for the Legal Aid Society of Milwaukee until 1979.	female
"She herself however was 'one of the most successful teachers in the history of psychoanalysis ... her seminars were remarkable experiences for students, and her classes were remembered as spectacles'. "	" Deutsch was a very esteemed and beloved training analyst and supervisor, whose seminars, based on case studies, were known to often run into the early morning hours."	female
"Utada made the majority of the album alone, saying she 'locked herself away'. "	" I was like a mad scientist working away in an underground laboratory, going on to say I had the time of my life but it was a very intense, introverted process."	female
"She was educated at the University of Otago, where she graduated with a BA in languages and a Bachelor of Music (honours). "	 Marillier taught music at the high school and university levels and has also served as a choral conductor and opera singer.	female
"With the involvement of her high school music department, Paulini was also a participant in Sydney's annual Schools Spectacular variety show. "	" After leaving high school, Paulini worked in a retail clothing store and became a full-time musician."	female
"From 1992 to 1998 she was a visiting associate professor of the Department of Surgery, Keio University School of Medicine, Tokyo, and in 1999 was promoted to a visiting professor of the university. "	 Mukai was assigned the deputy mission scientist for STS-107.	female
Jean Schmidt knew that those complaints and those allegations had no merit when she mailed the letter. 	" Schmidt was struck by a hit and run driver while jogging, and was diagnosed with two broken ribs and two fractured vertebrae."	female
The same year she met and married Felix Slatkin. 	 Aller also continued working as a Hollywood studio musician.	female
After her hockey career she completed a master's degree in Sport and Exercise Psychology and her doctorate in coaching expertise development from the University of Victoria. 	" Planella has worked at the National Coaching Institute and Canadian National Sport Centre, in performance psychology as an educator and strategist, performance analyst and coaching effectiveness researcher."	female
"After her time with the NRDC, she went on to get her Ph.D. at Stanford University, funded by the National Science Foundation's Graduate Research Fellowship and the Lucille Packard Stanford Graduate Fellowship, within the Emmett Interdisciplinary Program in Environment and Resources with an emphasis in hydrologic ecosystem services in 2010. "	" Currently, Brauman is the Lead Scientist of the Global Water Assessment under the Institute on the Environment at the University of Minnesota."	female
"During her first job interview with an insurance company, Koss, who was engaged at the time, was rejected for the reason that married women will have children and leave. "	" Being able to create margins, headings and page numbers on the fly, Koss was the first programmer to attempt computer based word processing."	female
She set three world records: in the 1000 m in 1972 and in the 4×800 m relay in 1969 and 1976. 	 Hoffmeister was a sports teacher by training and after retiring from competitions became deputy chief of the Children and Youth School in Cottbus.	female
"In the seven years after its publication, she wrote other papers on the geology, paleontology and glaciology of the Lake District, most of which were published in the Geological Magazine. "	" Hodgson also contributed papers to the Geologist, and was a member of the Botanical Exchange Club."	female
"Once a yellow pony steps out of the train, Twilight and her friends think that she is Ms. Harshwhinny and go to welcome her. "	" The friends show the inspector the castle, who seems to have claustrophobia and altocelarophobia."	female
"Her students, in several sports, became national champions and participants of world and European championships. "	" Senior coach School of Olympic Reserve, Bialova has thirteen years working with athletes in wheelchairs."	female
The person sitting in the vehicle's passenger seat was caught by police putting a plastic baggie with syringes in her purse. 	" When paramedics arrived, they administered Naloxone to Morasca, who was physically combative throughout the process, biting a police officer's arm after having been placed in an ambulance."	female
"Upon taking office, former president Cristina Kirchner decided to have, for the first time, female officers as her aides-de-camp. "	" At unit level, the unit S1 (personnel officer) doubles as the unit commander's adjutant, although in recent times in many units this practice has been left only for ceremonial purposes, while for everyday duties a senior NCO performs the adjutant's activities."	female
"In 1965, a riot took place on campus following the arrest of Marjorie Cocoziello, a student fined for jaywalking who had not paid her ticket in time. "	" Reporters for The Lantern published Cocoziello's accounts of a strip-search, being put in a dark cell, and being watched by a cruel jailer."	female
She is the first female conductor to be named chief conductor of the Vienna RSO. 	" Alsop is to hold the title of chief conductor designate with immediate effect, through the 2018–2019 season."	female
"During her campaign announcement in 2015, Hewitt stated, People are tired of career politicians. "	" As an engineer, I am a problem solver."	female
Cao's first international debut was at the 2003 World Wushu Championships where she was the world champion in women's changquan. 	" Around this time, Cao became the coach of the Shandong Wushu Team."	female
"Then known as Prospect Park Productions, she led the marketing campaign for the soap operas All My Children and One Life to Live about which The Hollywood Reporter wrote: Not only are they (TOLN) the first company to revive a long-running daytime drama (thus changing the game for the genre entirely) they are taking two brands with a combined age of over 80 years and basically making them cool again.” "	" Following the cancellation, Cob-Baehler transitioned to a position as an artist manager."	female
"During an AAU basketball game, Gall tore her ACL and could not run outdoor track. "	" As a sophomore, Gall again started at point guard for GBHS and led the team to a conference championship."	female
In total she met during 84 days of parliamentary session. 	 Haldorsen was medical superintendent of a children's home and advisor to a hospital board from 1959 to about 1964.	female
"In 2004, she accepted a position as assistant coach for Ohio State University, to work with Buckeyes women's ice hockey head coach Jackie Barto, who had been Lachapelle's coach at Providence. "	 Lachapelle stayed as the assistant coach at Ohio State from 2004 to 2008.	female
In 2009 she became director of the Data To Insight Center and Executive Director of the Pervasive Technology Institute in 2021. 	" From 2017 until 2021, Plale was a science advisor at the National Science Foundation."	female
"Confused, Milja turns to a female guard and asks her what happens next. "	 The guard tells Milja that a vote will be held to decide whether or not to let Milja stay.	female
"A 911 caller reported that a woman had been speeding down the street, struck a parked car, got out of the vehicle, and then left on foot. "	" Forty minutes later, another call was placed indicating that the driver had returned."	female
Whilst at university she became involved in student politics and was elected as the environment officer for the University of Melbourne Student Union in 2007. 	 Sandell worked for the Australian Youth Climate Coalition (AYCC) between 2009 and 2012 serving as general manager before becoming the group's National Director.	female
Her mother was disabled and unable to work. 	" McLellan has a PhD in Psychology from the University of Canterbury and worked in academic psychology specializing in sports injuries and concussion, as a research scientist at the University of Canterbury."	female
She worked on manuals for the safe use of gliders. 	 Grimshaw spent 1953–61 at the RAE's headquarters office and returned as the RAE Project officer on the full pressure suit in 1961.	female
"She participated in the 2013 London Marathon in aid of Age UK, the Deloitte Ride Across Britain from Lands End to John O'Groats, the Prudential London Triathlon, and a marathon row for cancer research. "	 Sotherton is a performance coach and specialises in running.	female
"She was an undergraduate student at the University of Milan, where she completed a Laura in pharmaceutical chemistry. "	 Whilst studying Giordani worked as a chemical health analyst in the Public Health Laboratory of Bergamo.	female
"The writers have cleverly embraced the gap Mags left behind; instead of trying to replace her directly, they've used her absence to create the sense of a town on the precipice of a crime war. "	" This week's episode, however, reminds us that Mags was never truly the chief villain of Justified to begin with."	female
"A short time into her part-time job, the store's owner stepped down and offered Bestwick to take over the business, to which she agreed. "	" At Microbyte, Bestwick was promoted time and time again, eventually becoming promotions manager and later sales manager."	female
She also adds vocals and music to various projects. 	" Additionally Brouder retains current licenses in nursing, cosmetology and as a real estate broker."	female
"An Independent, she was the first female Chancellor of Austria. "	" Bierlein served as the advocate general of the Procurator's Office – essentially the country's chief public prosecutor – from 1990 to 2002, as well as a member of the executive board of the International Association of Prosecutors from 2001 to 2003."	female
"She muses on the meaning of the movement for her generation, Until I found riot grrrl, or riot grrrl found me I was just another Gloria Steinem NOW feminist trying to take a stand in shop class. "	" Now I am a musician, a writer, a whole person."	female
"Following her departure from Rakvere, she joined the Ugala theatre in Viljandi in 1994, where she is still engaged as an actress. "	" Since 2005, Tamm has also been a stage manager at the Ugala."	female
"She has worked in a range of scientific and environmental management roles in addition to her Antarctic roles, including environment negotiator for New Zealand free trade agreements, and establishment unit convenor for the Crop and Food Research Institute. "	" Notably, Wratt was chief executive of the not for profit Cawthron Institute during 2006–2012."	female
"While she is reported in some circles to have been one of the primary architects of the HTS program, she was not. "	" Some time in 2007, McFate joined HTS as the Social Science Advisor."	female
"Weidman attended Pennsylvania State University, where she joined the PRS, whose investigations were the basis of the A&E series Paranormal State. "	 Weidman worked as the PRS's case manager between 2006 and 2011.	female
"Spending two years at the club, she helped the club to two 3rd-place finishes in the league while being the team's top goal scorer for both seasons. "	" After an invitation from then coach A. Abate, Abera joined Dedebit F.C."	female
"That year she also won first prize at the Festival de la Chanson at Ostende, Belgium. "	 Leyrac was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1967 and was the subject of an hour-long documentary on CBC television in 1972.	female
"She then went on to represent Team USA, being named an Olympic alternate in 1996 and a member of the 2000 team that won gold. "	 Mcfalls continued to coach for many years with several different schools at many different competitive levels.	female
"Bush administration, then-Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole recruited her for the Department of Labor. "	" Dominguez served as Assistant Secretary for Employment Standards, Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) and Architect of the Labor Department's Glass Ceiling Initiative."	female
"In 2003 she returned to Australia, working with NCAR and the Bureau of Meteorology in Melbourne. "	" Professor Arblaster worked as a senior research scientist from 2003 to 2016 in the climate change processes team at The Centre for Australian Weather and Climate Research, which is a partnership between the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation and the Bureau of Meteorology."	female
"Woerz began working with the organization as a teen ambassador, which she has done ever since. "	 Rosenstein then began working with Woerz in late 2014 as the artist’s manager and producer.	female
"In 1990s her interactive art projects, mostly occupied with metaphors, tele-presence and relation of the real world and cyber-space, were featured in magazines such as Hotwired, and presented at Ars Electronica arts and technology festival's Net Art selection in Linz, Austria in 1997. "	" Bulaja was the originator, editor-in-chief, manager, director and designer of the project."	female
"Tatyana Sergeyevna Moskvina (also Tatsiana Siarheievna Maskvina, Belarusian: Таццяна Сяргееўна Масквіна; born 10 January 1973 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian-born Belarusian judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category. "	" Currently a permanent resident in Minsk and a naturalized Belarusian citizen, Moskvina trained under head coach and sensei M. Ramazanov for Dinamo."	female
"In 2008, Johansson was promoted to Head of Design, working with 140 designers, and in 2013 she began overseeing H&M's special collections shown in Paris. "	" Johansson became Creative Advisor in 2015, and has subsequently worked as H&M's spokesperson and representative."	female
"She studied European Studies at Maastricht University in the Netherlands, and then earned a LLM from the University of Edinburgh. "	 Andreeva then worked as a press officer for the Bulgarian commissioner.	female
"His work in the foundations of geometry predates the similar, but more popular, work of David Hilbert by about a decade. "	 Fano was an early writer in the area of finite projective spaces.	male
"He then went to St Catherine's College at the University of Oxford where he read Philosophy, Politics and Economics. "	" After Oxford, Mabey worked as a lecturer in Social Studies in Further Education at Dacorum College, Hemel Hempstead, then as a Senior Editor at Penguin Books."	male
"In 2010, the same university awarded him a Doctor of Medicine degree, based on his research and thesis on macrovascular complications of diabetes in adults in Botswana. "	" Dr Onen is a senior consultant physician at the Centre for Chronic Diseases, a private medical practice that offers treatment in a number of specialties, including Cardiology, Cardiovascular Diseases, Diabetes, Gastroenterology and Infectious Diseases, among others."	male
"When the symbiote breaks into the facility, the doctor offers himself to the creature, but it rejects him and returns to Kasady after resuscitating him. "	" Carnage proceeds to asphyxiate the doctor, rampage through the prison, and escape."	male
"According to the Suda, the massive tenth century Byzantine Greek historical encyclopaedia, he was the son of Socles, but was adopted by Lycus of Rhegium. "	 Lycophron is also said to have been a skilful writer of anagrams.	male
"In February 1934, he was appointed the Head of Department of Military-Engineering Science of General Staff Academy. "	" Since 1936, Karbyshev was an assistant to the Head of Department of Large Formations' Tactics of the Academy."	male
They later moved to Western Australia where he attended Perth High School (now known as Hale School). 	 Bessell-Browne first job was as a clerk in the patents office in 1896.	male
Heymann is most known for his 1988 design of an environmentally friendly house for then Governor of Texas George W. 	 Heymann is a contributing writer for Places Journal.	male
"Although Mehaffey had responsibility over WPA projects nationwide, he primarily worked on airport, beach, pier, playground, and school projects in New York City. "	" During this period, Mehaffey was appointed to Assistant Administrator for Engineering for the entire WPA."	male
"The event saw assistant referees being allowed to intervene an ongoing game, in particular to help the match official apply the 10-metre rule when deciding free-kicks – as well as warn the referee instantly if he had booked or ejected the wrong player, something that was not possible in previous tournaments. "	" Also, fourth officials were given a larger role in assisting to take command of the match if any decisions are gone unnoticed by the referee or an assistant referee."	male
He graduated magna cum laude from Yale University. 	 Berlitz was a writer on paranormal phenomena.	male
"Most of his family members were murdered in the Holocaust, including his father. "	 Reisinger initially lived in a transit camp and then worked as a house painter in order to earn money from almost any source.	male
"He had joined the Nazi Party in 1931; after leaving it in 1932, he rejoined in 1935. "	" After the war, Höcherl from 1948 practised as a lawyer."	male
"They seek out the Egregious Professor of Cruel and Unusual Geography, and find his office but no sign of the professor himself. "	 They then find a magical window in space leading from the professor's bathroom to a tropical island thousands of years in the past.	male
In 1984 he was habilitated and in 1985 received a professorship for musicology at the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz. 	 Ruf is editor and co-publisher of numerous publications.	male
"Theodore Cuza, a Jewish history professor living in Bucharest, and his daughter Magda are brought to the keep by SS Sturmbannfuhrer Eric Kaempffer in a desperate attempt to determine what is murdering his men. "	 The professor translates a mysterious message written in blood on a wall that uses a forgotten dialect of Old Romanian or Old Slavonic.	male
"He demands from the boy's family to pay 400,000 Francs within 24 hours. "	" The head physician advises the family to ask their friends, neighbors, and family for support."	male
The film follows the story of an American master chemist (Jackson) who heads to Britain to sell his formula for a powerful new drug. 	 All does not go as planned and the chemist soon becomes entangled in a web of deceit.	male
"A week later, he experienced complications which prompted additional surgery to implant a defibrillator. "	" As a writer, Dozois mainly worked in shorter forms."	male
"A few days later, he was called up by the army, effective November. "	" Still in poor health and unfit for service at the front, Streeruwitz spent the war as an administrator."	male
"She conveyed her suspicions to some of her husband's medical colleagues who, after interviewing him and searching the house, found ample proofs of murder and committed him to an asylum. "	 This article comments that the identity of that incarnate fiend was settled some time ago and that the murderer was a demented physician afflicted with wildly uncontrollable erotic mania.	male
"He was chosen a member of the Académie des Sciences in 1836, filling the seat of André-Marie Ampère. "	" Sturm became répétiteur in 1838, and in 1840 professor in the École Polytechnique."	male
He studied also with Porcelio Pandone (1405–1485) and Gaspar Veronese. 	" Sabellicus became professor of eloquence at Udine in 1473, but was dismissed in 1482."	male
The film was an adaptation of his story Snehathinte Mukhangal. 	" MT was the first and foremost script writer in Malayalam who wrote screenplays after having learnt cinema as a distinctive visual art which has its own language, grammar and structure."	male
"Leach was born in Ballarat, Victoria and educated at Creswick Grammar School (where he was dux), Melbourne Training College (1890) and the University of Melbourne, where he graduated B.Sc. in 1904, M.Sc. in 1906 and in 1912 obtained his doctorate for research in ornithology. "	 Leach was a regular writer and broadcaster on natural history subjects and introduced it into the school curriculum.	male
"He lives in suburban Chicago, Illinois, with his wife, Susan, and their four sons. "	" A journalist, writer and film producer."	male
The jury of the Grosse Berliner Kunstausstellung (great Berlin art exhibition) disapproved however the exhibition of his paintings. 	 Hendrich then started a job as painter in Amsterdam.	male
He married Martha Thiel (1872-1949) at Brandenburg in 1891. 	 From 1897 to 1902 Noske was politically active at the local level and worked as an editor at social democratic newspapers in Brandenburg and Königsberg (Volkstribüne).	male
"Meanwhile, the praetor Publius Manlius marched into Turdetania with the army he had taken over from Quintus Minucius, joining it with the force the other praetor, Appius Claudius Nero, had in Hispania Ulterior. "	" The reason why Manlius, who had been sent to Hispania Citerior as consular assistant, should campaign in Hispania Ulterior and also take the command of the troops of the praetor of the other province in unclear."	male
He is the closest thing to me genetically. 	 And in my prime I was a super athlete.	male
"In 1994, Holbrooke returned to Washington to become the assistant secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs, a position he held until 1996, when he resigned for personal reasons (he had recently married the author Kati Marton and wished to return to New York). "	" While assistant secretary, Holbrooke led the effort to implement the policy to enlarge NATO and had the distinction of leading the negotiation team charged with resolving the Balkans crisis."	male
"In September 2013, Dutton announced his candidacy for the San Bernardino County Assessor-Recorder, vacated by retiring County Assessor-Recorder Dennis Draeger. "	" As a division of the Assessor-Recorder-County Clerk responsibilities, Dutton is the keeper of the historical archives."	male
"On December 5, 2005, after PD Su-cheop stirred a national controversy, Cheong Wa Dae reaffirmed its unflinching support for Hwang and his research team. "	" Roh said, We'll continue to support Professor Hwang."	male
"Subsequently, he was invited to the editorial board of Nyugat and became a close friend of its editor, the post-symbolist poet and writer Mihály Babits. "	" During World War II, Illyés was nominated editor-in-chief of Nyugat following the death of Mihály Babits."	male
1 May] 1905 to a Russian-Ukrainian working-class family; he graduated from the St. 	 Tikhonov worked as an assistant engineer from 1924 to 1926.	male
The Evening Standard named Tuffrey as one of the thousand most influential Londoners for his work on the environment. 	" Tuffrey is a qualified Chartered Accountant, and has worked as a finance director for a major national charity before starting up a consultancy business, Corporate Citizenship."	male
He finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Water Polo Team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 	" Since 2003, Hermsen is a professor at the University of Amsterdam in Astrophysics."	male
"Quarles came to Somerset sometime before 1812, for in May 1812, he was one of a commission to supervise the building of a County Clerk's office. "	 Quarles was a lawyer and became a member of the state legislature in 1811 and 1812.	male
He was later appointed as dean in 1891. 	 Birge became known as a scientist and administrator.	male
He died under mysterious circumstances at Canoe Lake in 1917. 	" Friends of the painter erected a cairn and totem pole memorial on Hayhurst Point, near the north end of the lake."	male
"On the other hand, he suggests, genre fiction writers tend to support themselves by book sales. "	 I'm a genre writer of a sort.	male
"His secretary, John Locke, recommended an operation that almost certainly saved Ashley's life and Ashley was grateful to Locke for the rest of his life. "	" As part of the operation, a tube was inserted to drain fluid from the abscess, and after the operation, the physician left the tube in the body, and installed a copper tap to allow for possible future drainage."	male
"He has regularly taught courses on Microeconomics, International Finance, and Economic Growth. "	 Felbermayr is an associate editor for the European Economic Review and the International Review of Economics and Finance.	male
"Sanneh further classified the song as classic Evanescence, which according to him meant bombastic, meticulously produced... [and] unreasonably addictive. "	" The writer went on to describe the song's chorus as grandiose and its bridge as glorious, glimmering."	male
František and his group retrained on Polish aircraft at Dęblin airbase in Małopolska. 	" František was made an instructor, flying obsolescent Potez 25, Breguet 19, PWS-26, RWD 8, RWD-14 Czapla and Lublin R-XIII aircraft."	male
"There is a slight chance that he may have been the (or an) intermediary responsible for presenting Dubhaltach MacFhirbhisigh with Volume C of the original four volumes of the autograph of the Annals of the Four Masters, covering the period AM 2242 to AD 1171. "	" However, an idea proposed by the writer of this article that Dáibhídh was MacFhirbhisigh's mysterious amanuensis cannot be sustained, as a comparison of their handwriting bears no resemblance to each other."	male
"Pearlman was the Schulich Distinguished Chair of music at McGill University in Montreal, specializing in the programs in music theory, sound recording and music technology; he later served as Centenary Fellow at the McLuhan Center for Culture and Technology at the University of Toronto, where he co-taught a course on Digital Media Distribution. "	" As a Professor and as a public speaker, Pearlman lectured on the architecture of the music industry, strategies for re-monetizing music downloads, and the history and future of music."	male
"Solari joined the Seahawks staff in 2008, he changed its offensive line scheme to more zone blocking. "	 Solari joined the Packers staff as an offensive line assistant following the 2014 season.	male
"As the settlement's emergency responder, Goldstein was present at the murder scene, where he referred to the terrorists as nazis. "	" As the settlement's main emergency doctor, Goldstein was involved in treating victims of Arab-Israeli violence prior to that incident as well."	male
"In 1989, he became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. "	" O Choille gu Bearradh was the Saltire Society Scottish Book of the Year for 1990, and MacLean won the McVitie's Prize for Scottish Writer of the Year."	male
"Gauguin's art became popular after his death, partially from the efforts of dealer Ambroise Vollard, who organized exhibitions of his work late in his career and assisted in organizing two important posthumous exhibitions in Paris. "	" Gauguin was an important figure in the Symbolist movement as a painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramist, and writer."	male
"At the Tenth International Medical Congress held in 1890 in Berlin, Koch unexpectedly introduced a cure for tuberculosis, which he called tuberculin. "	 The public trusted the famous physician and reacted enthusiastically.	male
"Delecluze, in his Louis David et son temps, has also a brief life of Girodet. "	 The exhibition assembled more than 100 seminal works (about 60 paintings and 40 drawings) that demonstrated the artist's range as a painter as well as a draftsman.	male
He is an Honoured Man of the Aktubinsk region. 	" Lonchakov has logged over 1400 hours of flight time, is a Class 1 Air Force pilot, and a paratroop training instructor with 526 jumps."	male
"Interpreting the contributions of Marx and Weber, in particular, as foundations for a dynamic theory of modern society, he starts out from the proposition that it is only from the perspective of “globalization” (including the debates about restructuring, transnational corporations, and neo-imperialism) that the contradictions and paradoxes of modern society can be disentangled.[citation needed] The spectrum of his theoretical reference points reach from the critical theory of the Frankfurt School at one end, to Joseph Schumpeter's social theory of capitalism, at the other. "	" Dahms is also associate editor of Basic Income Studies, Soundings."	male
"After studying physics at Erlangen and Göttingen, Friedrich Kohlrausch completed his doctorate in Göttingen. "	" After a two-year work as a lecturer in Frankfurt, Kohlrausch was appointed a professor of physics at the University of Göttingen (1866–70)."	male
Captain Rinnan received the highest civil honour in Norway as a result of his handling of this difficult incident. 	" Rinnan has been a sailor since 1958, and a captain for 23 years."	male
"During his time on the National Security Council of President Bush, he was involved in several Iraq strategy reviews, including the one that led to the 2007 surge strategy. "	" As a professor, Feaver has been the recipient of numerous teaching awards."	male
"In 1851, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. "	 Brongniart was an indefatigable investigator and a prolific writer of books and memoirs.	male
"Albee insisted that he did not want to be known as a gay writer, saying in his acceptance speech for the 2011 Lambda Literary Foundation's Pioneer Award for Lifetime Achievement: A writer who happens to be gay or lesbian must be able to transcend self. "	 I am a writer who happens to be gay.	male
Lao She lived there until his death 16 years later. 	 The courtyard contains persimmon trees planted by the writer.	male
"In all, he wrote more than 100 books. "	" Sengupta was closely associated with the famous magazine Kallol, and was its editor for some time."	male
"Of his mother, Eulenburg wrote: My mother, whom I deeply adored, the ideal figure who filled my whole being with boundless love, fired my inspiration. "	" Keenly interested in music, Eulenburg enjoyed considerable success as a writer of ballads."	male
"According to Burchfield's friend and colleague Edward Hopper, The work of Charles Burchfield is most decidedly founded, not on art, but on life, and the life that he knows and loves best. "	" Burchfield has been more recently described as the mystic, cryptic painter of transcendental landscapes, trees with telekinetic halos, and haunted houses emanating ectoplasmic auras."	male
"As a sound designer, his credits include the Star Wars and Indiana Jones film series, Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1978), E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982), WALL-E (2008) and Star Trek (2009). "	 Burtt was also the sound editor for WALL-E and performed the vocalizations of the titular character as well as other robots in the film.	male
"About 40 hours after he had been formally inaugurated, Hevia resigned early Thursday morning in favor of Mendieta. "	" Hevia, who was also a surgeon, had been the first Cuban national to graduate from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, as a member of the Class of 1920."	male
"Out of fear of his creation destroying him, Professor Weirdo intended to add just a touch of the aforementioned tincture of tenderness to the mold, but Count Kook bumped the Professor's elbow, resulting in too much of the tincture being added to the mix. "	" Professor Weirdo's nemesis was Professor Fruitcake, another mad scientist who lived in a castle on an opposite hill."	male
"The recruitment figures presented to Parliament for the years 1755–1757 list 70,566 men, of whom 33,243 were volunteers (47%), 16,953 pressed men (24%), while another 20,370 were also listed as volunteers separately (29%). "	" Volunteering also protected the sailor from creditors, as the law forbade collecting debts accrued before enlistment."	male
"He was an unsuccessful candidate for the South Dakota Senate in 1894, but in 1896, he ran successfully for South Dakota Attorney General, defeating the nominees of the Republican and Prohibition parties. "	" As attorney general, Grigsby was responsible for ending the investigation into supposedly missing funds in the office of the State Auditor."	male
"The Reception of the King at the Entrance of Holyrood Palace was the incident ultimately chosen; and in the following year, when the artist, upon the death of Raeburn, had been appointed Royal Limner for Scotland, he received sittings from the monarch, and began to work diligently upon the subject. "	" But several years elapsed before its completion; for, like all such ceremonial works, it proved a harassing commission, uncongenial to the painter while in progress and unsatisfactory when finished."	male
"Historically, once in possession of the benefice, the holder had lifelong tenure unless he failed to provide the required minimum of spiritual services or committed a moral offence. "	" At one time, an incumbent might choose to enjoy the income of the benefice and appoint an assistant curate to discharge all the spiritual duties of the office at a lesser salary."	male
"However, this particular group of gay men drank significantly more than the rest of the group and eventually began to exhibit a loud, rowdy, and vulgar brand of behavior that made the straight men uncomfortable. "	" The problem came to a head when a gay instructor attempted suicide by overdosing on APC (aspirin, phenacetin, and caffeine) tablets after being spurned by another soldier."	male
"He has served since 2017 as the Chief Editor for Neuroepidemiology in the journal Frontiers in Neurology, and he was Founding Editor – and is currently the Editor Emeritus – for Emergency Medicine Australasia. "	 Jelinek also has the distinction of being the first Professor of Emergency Medicine in Australasia.	male
"H. the Prince of Wales visit in 1875–6, from William S. Potter to his sister, one could make a stronger case for Potter, as there are similarities in writing style between the book of letters and The Romance of Lust. "	 Ashbee asserts that Potter acted as editor to contributions by a number of aficionados.	male
"His acting career began with the leading role in Vzlyot (Take-Off, 1979) by director Savva Kulish, where he played the leading role as Russian rocket scientist Konstantin Tsiolkovsky. "	 Yevtushenko also made two films as a writer/director.	male
"His two-volume book Cancer: Its Cause and Treatment, was widely reviewed in medical journals. "	 Bulkley was the editor of Cancer: A Practical Quarterly Journal Devoted to the Best Interests of Cancer.	male
"He held various positions of power including vice president of the United Nations Organization for the Development of Industry in 1995, vice president of the United Nations Commission for the peaceful uses of the cosmic space from 1995 to 1997, the chairman of the Working Group of the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency from 1996 to 1997, vice president and president of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law from 1998 to 2000, member of the International Diplomatic Academy in 2002. "	" Presently, Mazilu holds a position as a Professor consultant at Bucharest University and the author of several books."	male
"The penalty for an offence was determined according to two factors: The local magistrate acted as examiner and sometimes as investigator, but his final role in legal cases was to determine the proper penalty for the offense that had been committed: he had to fix the nature of the offense as defined by the code, and to increase or reduce the associated penalty depending on the social relation between offender and victim. "	" While questioning a witness, the magistrate would look closely for five kinds of behavior: the person's statements, expression, breathing, reaction to the words of the judge, and eyes."	male
"Although Mergelyan introduced to defend the Ph.D. dissertation, all three official opponents - Academician Lavrent'ev, Sergei Mikhailovich Nikol'skii and Corresponding Member Alexander Osipovich Gelfоnd - petitioned the Academic Council to award him the Doctor of Science degree. "	" The petition of opponents was satisfied (for this it was necessary to call the members of the scientific council, which took time), and Mergelyan became the youngest doctor of physical and mathematical sciences in the USSR at the age of 20 (at 21)."	male
"A traveller returning to New York found that he had only a ten-dollar postal money order, and that his train fare was seven dollars. "	" The ticket clerk refused to accept the money order, so the traveller went across the road to a pawn shop and pawned it for seven dollars."	male
"While in Edo he also received education from Egawa Tarōzaemon regarding military strategy, and studied English with Nakahama Manjirō, thus coming into possession of an uncommonly thorough, for his era, appreciation of Western culture. "	" After entering the Tokugawa army, Ōtori displayed promise as a student, quickly becoming a senior instructor of infantry tactics."	male
"When Hempstead's term as governor ended on December 9, 1854, he attempted to run for the United States congress, but lost due to his opinion over prohibition. "	" Later, Hempstead was repeatedly elected to and served as Dubuque's county judge until 1867."	male
He was from noble family of Lubicz coat of arms. 	 Wróblewski was a notable lawyer and docent of administration and administrative law at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	male
"It was first given to him by his grandparents, due to a resemblance to the character Kum-Kum from the anime Wanpaku Omukashi Kumu Kumu which was Agüero's favourite television programme as a child. "	 It's not every day an athlete is nicknamed after a cartoon character!	male
"His son Naweej expanded the empire further and is known as the first Lunda emperor, with the title Mwata Yamvo (mwaant yaav, mwant yav), the Lord of Vipers. "	 The mwata yamvo assigned a cilool or kilolo (royal adviser) and tax collector to each state conquered.	male
"When Uhlenbeck went into retirement, Ras was the obvious person to succeed him, So he was appointed professor of Javanese language and literature in 1985. "	" Of special importance for the specialist scholar are a number of lengthy, in-depth studies of aspects of Javanese culture and literature."	male
"It also centered the offender's weight in his shoulders, further ensuring a painful experience. "	" During the flogging, a doctor or other medical worker was consulted at regular intervals as to the condition of the prisoner."	male
"In 1801, Skinner became the state's attorney for Bennington County, a position he held until 1813. "	" From 1805 to 1813, Skinner was probate judge for the Manchester district."	male
"Moses Kiptanui (born October 1, 1970) is a Kenyan middle and long distance athlete mostly famous for 3,000 m steeplechase in which he was the number one ranked athlete from 1991 to 1995 and three time IAAF World Champion. "	 Kiptanui emerged in 1991 as a relatively unknown athlete.	male
"On February 15, 2015, Pavel Voitov and Artur Narcissov attacked a janitor in Vykhino, but he actively resisted. "	" The criminals were forced to flee, and the janitor was able to testify and describe them."	male
He was ambassador of Uruguay to the OAS from 1996 to the 2000. 	 University professor of Social Communication at UCUDAL.	male
"Percy T. Heady (1889 – 21 July 1966) was a British trade union official who briefly led his union, and also served on the National Executive Committee of the Labour Party. "	" Heady worked as a railway clerk, and joined the Railway Clerks' Association (RCA) in 1908."	male
"He graduated from Amherst College in 1860 and from Harvard Medical School in 1863, after which he practiced in Portland, Maine, until 1867. "	 Goodale became professor of natural science and applied chemistry at Bowdoin.	male
"Prior to going to Notre Dame, McBrien taught at Boston College, where he was director of the Institute of Religious Education and Pastoral Ministry. "	 McBrien published 25 books and was the general editor of the Encyclopedia of Catholicism.	male
"It seems that Quins RL have not always noticed the correlation between the selection of Worrincy and the positivity of the result.[citation needed] Worrincy is the younger brother of former Academy star Rob Worrincy, who became a journeyman in the 2007 season with appearances for Leeds Metropolitan University, a trial with 2006 Grand Finalists Hull FC, and then returned to Sheffield Eagles, where his previous final appearance has seemed to be in the National League Grand Final where he scored a length of the field try. "	" A commanding figure when locking the scrum or in the second row, Worrincy is a supreme athlete who is both forceful and nimble in the pack."	male
"Born in Sendai, Japan, in 1949, Masayoshi Esashi received his B.E. degree in electronic engineering in 1971 and a Doctor of Engineering degree in 1976 at Tohoku University. "	" Esashi served as a research associate from 1976 and an associate professor from 1981 at the Department of Electronic Engineering, Tohoku University."	male
"In 2000, he was the first to win to this debut prize again, but this time under his heteronym Marek van der Jagt, for the novel De geschiedenis van mijn kaalheid (The Story of My Baldness). "	 Grunberg is a prolific and versatile writer.	male
"On the show, in addition to comedy bits and celebrity guests, Pocher offered to rent himself out to a viewer. "	" For example, Pocher was rented as a babysitter, to pick grapes for wine and as an undertaker's assistant."	male
"As a teenager in 1954, Toole made his first trip out of Louisiana to Philadelphia, New York City, and Washington, D.C. on a field trip. "	" Toole became the editor of the news section of the school newspaper, and maintained high marks throughout high school."	male
"In spite of his short stature and slight build, President McLean was an athlete and hero to most of the student athletes at the school. "	 Professor McLean was generous in extending financial aid to students.	male
The native of South Dakota worked for the Oregon Department of Transportation from 1919 to 1935 and 1937 until he died in 1946. 	 McCullough also was a professor at Oregon State University.	male
"The outer main-belt asteroid 1596 Itzigsohn, which he discovered himself, was named in his memory on 1 August 1980 (M.P.C. "	 Itzigsohn was a professor of spherical and practical astronomy.	male
"In his Daytona 500 Qualifying Race, he spun on lap 44 and finished 25th, failing to make the 500. "	" Cook served as the Whelen Modified Series' director when it began in 1985, and is currently NASCAR's Competition Administrator."	male
"Burchielli had never drawn for an American comic book before but his detailed approach to storytelling, intensity in conveying action, and conviction for the work impressed Wood enough to pursue a collaboration. "	" Narrative direction was the sole purview of the writer, with character design left to the artist."	male
"Tenshō Shūbun (天章 周文, died c. 1444–50) was a Japanese Zen Buddhist monk and painter of the Muromachi period. "	 Shūbun was born in the late 14th century in Ōmi Province and became a professional painter around 1403.	male
"In October 2001, Gooch returned to his beloved Essex in the capacity of head coach, taking over from Keith Fletcher. "	" Gooch remains at the club, continuing as the squad's specialist batting coach whilst also assuming commercial duties for the county."	male
"Boris Godunov is persuaded to accept the remaining vacant throne, despite his doubts. "	" During the press conference, the clerk announces Godunov’s decision to ascend the kingdom."	male
"He attended Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan on an academic scholarship, before deciding to focus solely on his musical career. "	 Carlock built a 16-track recording studio and continued to develop as a producer and writer.	male
"He later took a job as a clerk at a pulp and paper mill in Liverpool, Nova Scotia, where he began his writing career. "	" Raddall was a prolific, award-winning writer."	male
"When his appointed term as district attorney expired in 1918, he ran for re-election and was elected to the post. "	" Then from 1927 to 1934, DeArmond served as Deschutes County’s district judge."	male
"He was appointed head of the Law Commission from 1965 to 1973, during which time 27 Commission-inspired statutes were made law. "	" As a judge, Scarman's career had some controversial decisions."	male
The Creature 	 Quatermass II was Kneale's final original script for the BBC as a staff writer.	male
"He has regularly appeared on BBC Local Radio, and has also written a biweekly column for the Worcester News. "	" Serrell is an avid collector, living in a house full of tat."	male
"Among his many public lectures, Smythe gave several to the Royal Geographical Society, his first in 1931 titled Explorations in Garhwal around Kamet and his second in 1947 titled An Expedition to the Lloyd George Mountains, North-East British Columbia. "	 Smythe was a prodigious writer and produced many popular books.	male
He earned his master's degree in biology at Reed College and his PhD at Princeton University in 1943. 	" After college, McElroy became a professor at Johns Hopkins University."	male
"From October 1995 to August 1996, Romeva was the principal aide of the UNESCO representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where he was responsible for the Educational programme and for promoting the UNESCO School of Peace Culture. "	" Romeva has been an assistant professor of International Relations at the UAB (1994–1995 and 1996–2002), researcher on peace and disarmament at the UNESCO Center of Catalunya (1994–1998) and campaign coordinator for disarmament and armed conflict prevention for Intermón-Oxfam (1998–1999)."	male
He is the band's singer and guitarist. 	" While their music is written by all the members, Makarevich is the band's exclusive lyrics writer."	male
He also wrote editorials in the Greenville Delta Democrat-Times regarding social and economic intolerance in the Deep South that won him widespread acclaim and the moniker Spokesman of the New South. 	 The article was attacked on the floor of the Mississippi House of Representatives as a Willful lie by a nigger-loving editor.	male
"Martin Irving Glickman (August 14, 1917 – January 3, 2001) was an American radio announcer who was famous for his broadcasts of the New York Knicks basketball games and the football games of the New York Giants and the New York Jets. "	 Glickman was a noted track and field athlete and football star at Syracuse University.	male
In 2019 he became a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. 	 Cederman was and is the principal investigator in several research projects with funding from the Swiss National Science Foundation and the Swiss Network for International Studies.	male
All agencies found his comments were not substantiated with factual data and his motivation was due to his upcoming termination. 	 TEA found the CFO had incorrectly used federal funds.	male
"Many of his columns have been collected into anthology books including Live Albom I (Detroit Free Press, 1988), Live Albom II (Detroit Free Press, 1990), Live Albom III (Detroit Free Press, 1992), and Live Albom IV (Detroit Free Press, 1995). "	 Albom also serves as a contributing editor to Parade magazine.	male
"After leaving Esquire, Hirshey was hired as an editor at the New Yorker, where he assigned, developed and edited articles on future trends in politics, science, business, entertainment, culminating with The Next Issue. "	" Promoted to senior vice president and executive editor in 2007, Hirshey specializes in politics, current affairs, sports, memoir, pop culture, and humor."	male
This collection was continued by his wife Cecilie Mendelssohn-Bartholdy (1898–1995). 	 Grafström was also a writer and an etcher.	male
"According to a description written for publication by Antonfrancesco Cirni, he also designed many of the costumes for the famously elaborate wedding festivities of Ortensia Borromeo in March 1565, which were held in the Vatican and included a tournament in the Belvedere courtyard. "	 Such duties were often expected of a Renaissance court painter.	male
Foyt IV and his grandfather got in an argument regarding the car's setup resulting in the younger A. J. quitting the team. 	 Foyt has been employed by the Indianapolis Colts since 2010 as a scouting assistant.	male
The Picture below states the Division of Property of Seth Kushal Das amongst his 5 sons Seth Kushaldas and his son Pribhdas had received many Afrin Namas from the British Government. 	 Both of them were granted chairs in the Darbar of the Commissioner in Sind and Collector of Nawabshah.	male
"In 1948 Heilman joined the University of Washington faculty, as chair of the English department, which he led until his retirement in 1971. "	" Heilman contributed for 60 years to the Sewanee Review, and was an advisory editor for nearly 30 years."	male
"He was in financial difficulty, his wife Zelda was sick and he believed her romantically involved with another man., His play, The Vegetable, or From President to Postman had been a failure. "	 Reading this harmonious collection one wonders how a writer could have made such progress in so few years.	male
"For his post-secondary education, he attended Al-Azhar University and a French law school in Cairo. "	" By working as a Europeanized lawyer, Zaghloul gained both wealth and status in a traditional framework of upward mobility."	male
Many of his articles and books discuss the influence of emotion on nonverbal communication as well as the effect of those expressions and gestures back onto emotions. 	" Professor Plutchik's work on oculesics includes studies on the synthesis of facial expressions, which look for connections between expressions in the eye along with expressions from the forehead and mouth."	male
"In 1891 he was commissioned by the Mexican government to create statues of national heroes for Paseo de la Reforma, in Mexico City. "	" Alciati was appointed professor of sculpture, decoration and modelling at the Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1895."	male
"The B side and bonus download track of the single called Ghost Camp, a song he co-wrote with former Smiths guitarist Craig Gannon, was written for a Salford Lads' Club award-winning play. "	" The writer said: Lazy Bohemians is a self-deprecating swipe against those whose talk about a revolution that never seems to get anywhere, a personal wake-up call to political apathy."	male
The brand name Scotch came about around 1925 while Richard Drew was testing his first masking tape to determine how much adhesive he needed to add. 	" The bodyshop painter became frustrated with the sample masking tape and exclaimed, Take this tape back to those Scotch bosses of yours and tell them to put more adhesive on it!"	male
"He did most of his work together with his wife Raili Pietilä (Raili Inkeri Marjatta née Paatelainen, 15 August 1926 – 16 May 2021); indeed, after 1963 all their works were officially attributed to Raili and Reima Pietilä. "	 Reima Pietilä was a professor of architecture at the University of Oulu from 1973 to 1979.	male
His young-adult novel Now I Know (1987) is based partly on his experiences as a monk. 	 Chambers left the monastery in 1967 and a year later became a freelance writer.	male
He then studied astronomy in Göttingen and Königsberg. 	" From 1832 to 1849, Steinheil was professor for mathematics and physics at the University of Munich."	male
"Following the split of party leader Jay Lovestone and his cothinkers in 1929, Herberg remained loyal to them, a decision earning his expulsion from the party on September 10, 1929. "	" Thereafter Herberg joined the so-called Lovestoneites, remaining with that organization until its termination at the end of 1940, serving as editor of the group's weekly newspaper, Workers Age."	male
"The Boogie Woogie Bakery Man, performed by the Sister Sisters (Betty Allan, Diane Pendleton and Gloria Wood), had a structure and arrangement closely styled after The Andrews Sisters' hit song, Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy. "	 The song itself is about an oriental baker of fortune cookies.	male
"The initial operation, John's successful post-surgery career, and the relationship between the two men is the subject of a 2013 ESPN 30 for 30 documentary. "	 The risk of injury to the throwing athlete's UCL is thought to be extremely high as the amount of stress through this structure approaches its ultimate tensile strength during a hard throw.	male
"He wrote two one-act plays, Paper Toilet and Cold Beer, around 1979. "	 The latter examines the role of the dramatist and writer through an alter-ego protagonist.	male
"His own works included mannerist mythological subjects, but also portraits and genre paintings influenced by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, such as the Kermis in the Hermitage Museum. "	" As a writer van Mander worked in various genres: drama, poetry, songs, biography and art theory."	male
An Einstein-like Professor (representing Gonick's authorial voice) prepares to travel in his time machine to whatever place or era the chapter is about. 	" The Professor reads a passage from a historical book, which activates the time machine, a literary device."	male
A physician had his clinic on the first floor and a joiner who possibly worked for the piano factory was based on the second floor. 	 The physician on the first floor was eventually succeeded by two lawyers.	male
"Throughout his tenure, Gude had private pupils in addition to his normal classes. "	" As a professor Gude taught six hours of class, held two hours of office hours, took turns with other professors supervising the nude drawing class and attended staff meetings."	male
James Boswell described Dundas as a comely jovial Scotch gentleman of good address but not bright parts ... 	 Dundas was a great collector of art.	male
"Herrmann took on the role due to the character being an English villain, allowing him to portray an antagonist with an accent, as well as being able to work with animals and make a film for children. "	" The following year, Herrmann had a small role as a doctor in Are You Here."	male
During his tenure as the head coach of the Michigan Tech Huskies Mancini led the Huskies to three Western Collegiate Hockey Association Final Five appearances. 	 Mancini served as an assistant coach and the director of player personnel for the USA Hockey National Team Development Program from 1997-2000.	male
"Hardman, in partnership with his physician brother, William B. Hardman, opened the Hardman Sanitorium in Harmony Grove, the most advanced hospital facility in northeast Georgia at that time. "	 It was soon claimed that Hardman had become a nationally renowned physician.	male
"Behan was a self-educated man whose intellect was such that he numbered many respected thinkers among his friends including the likes of Hugh MacDiarmid the Scots poet with whom he lived for three years, Louis MacNeice who became for a time a writing partner – mostly for the BBC overseas program and H. "	" Behan also found time to work in education, having been identified by the Strathclyde Region education dept as the Writer in residence for the Region's secondary schools."	male
Rudenko spent five minutes complaining that he had injured his neck while Povetkin waited patiently in the corner to resume but fans in attendance began to whistle in displeasure at Rudenko whom they saw as feigning injury. 	 The ringside doctor determined that Rudenko had a spasm and that Rudenko wanted to pull out of the fight.	male
Dr. Melon had previously been ridiculed by his peers for theorizing that the real Crown Jewels of England were stolen during the Revolutionary War and were actually hidden inside the long-lost cannon. 	 They are ambushed by historical antiquity collector and Dr. Melon's colleague Dr. Glencliff whom they then lead on an action-packed chase through the countryside.	male
"Architecture itself moves, he told a biographer, and, with a little chance, becomes a magnificent ruin. "	 Calatrava is also a sculptor and painter.	male
"Despite opposing the war, he volunteered for combat duty first as a rifleman then as a radio operator, spending time in one of the worst sectors of the war before being invalided out by a lung infection after 15 months' service. "	" Werth was an unclassifiable writer with an acid prose, who wrote of the inter-war period as well as advocating against colonialism (Cochinchine, 1928)."	male
"In 2008, Effendy successfully completed his Doctoral program in military sociology from the Airlangga University. "	 Muhadjir is currently listed as professor of Sociology Department in the State University of Malang.	male
"In a decision on May 25, 2018, the Court of Appeal agreed with Kent, awarding him an additional $200,000 in costs, and ruling: we respectfully disagree with the trial judge's conclusion that the appellant's allegations of fraudulent concealment and the giving of false evidence were unproven. "	 It follows that the trial judge erred in penalizing the appellant for having made these allegations.	male
"Returning home in 1909, from then until 1917 he taught history at the Kutaisi Georgian Gymnasium, and was headmaster of the Sinatle girls' school from 1915 to 1917. "	" From 1918 to 1950, Uznadze was Professor and Head of the Department of Psychology of TSU."	male
"When the producers purchased the rights to his novel, they promised Benchley that he could write the first draft of the screenplay. "	" The intent was to make sure a script could be done despite an impending threat of a Writer's Guild strike, given Benchley was not unionized."	male
"Second, the jury's role was only advisory; the judge could disregard the jury's sentencing recommendation, but had to explain his reasoning if he did. "	 The trial judge must independently reweigh the aggravating factors against the mitigating factors.	male
"During the next two months he flew six more sorties against targets including Berlin, Hamburg and Karlsruhe, before being posted to No. "	 14 Operational Training Unit as an instructor.	male
"He completed his doctoral programme in Islamic art at the University of Tokyo in 1976, and was research fellow at the Royal Academy of Iran until the Islamic Revolution in 1979. "	 Igarashi was an associate professor of comparative Islamic culture at the University of Tsukuba.	male
The trial judge returned a verdict which found the three men guilty of travelling on false passports and they were given varying sentences of up to 44 months. 	" They were found not guilty on the more serious charges relating to training FARC rebels; however, the judge ordered their release upon payment of fines equivalent to £3,800."	male
In 1868 he founded the Allgemeinen Evangelisch-Lutherischen Konferenz. 	" A strictly orthodox theologian and a clear writer, Luthardt became widely appreciated as the author of apologetic lectures."	male
"He was a very productive artist who seldom made use of mythological themes or human figures, and when he did, always accompanied them with animals or animal friezes. "	 Besides the Gorgon Painter the painters of the Komast Group (585–570 BC) should be mentioned.	male
He lived in Texas for seven years while earning his degrees in electrical engineering. 	" Following graduation, in 1987 Dahleh joined MIT as an assistant professor, and achieved multiple teaching, research and leadership roles in academia, industry, and business sectors."	male
He has teamed up with Mammootty for 8 films. . 	 Editor K Rajagopal has edited all Sathyan Anthikad movies since the 80's.	male
This outlook is reflected in some of his early writings. 	" Tanizaki had a brief career in silent cinema, working as a script writer for the Taikatsu film studio."	male
As a consultant he advised partners in the European Processor Initiative. 	" From 2019, Braam has been a Visiting Professor of Physics at Oxford University."	male
"He also discovered that when they reacted with each other, the particles that were released had far more energy than they started with. "	 Oliphant left the Cavendish Laboratory in 1937 to become the Poynting Professor of Physics at the University of Birmingham.	male
"In December 1903 he passed the Civil Service Examination, and embarked on the career that led to the claim that he may be regarded as one of the greatest public servants of his day. "	 Gowers entered the home civil service as an upper division clerk in the Department of Inland Revenue.	male
"In the fall of 1836, he moved to Corunna in what was to become Shiawassee County. "	" This area at that time was mostly wilderness, and when it was organized into a county in 1837, Parsons was elected the county's first clerk at the age of nineteen."	male
"When Creangă recounts, the composition is not extraordinary, but once his heroes begin talking, their gesticulation and wording reach a height in typical storytelling. "	 The distinctive manner of characterization through realistic dialogues is seen by Vianu as a highly personal intervention and indicator of the Moldavian writer's originality.	male
He was a volunteer editor at Coach House Books from 1975 to his death. 	" During the 1970s and 80s, bp was a contributing editor of Open Letter, a literary magazine."	male
The accused was brought before Sir John Powell at the Assize Court at Hertford on 4 March 1712. 	 The judge was clearly more sceptical than the jury of the evidence presented.	male
"Investigating a chemical leak from the floor above, he discovers that the inhabitant directly overhead is a strange, old, and reclusive physician. "	" The doctor demonstrates supreme medical skill, and saves the narrator with a combination of medications."	male
"One of the conference delegates, Professor Alfred T. Halsted, loved the game of Mintonette, but he felt like something was just not right. "	" Professor Halsted suggested that the name of the game should be Volleyball, since the main point of the game was to “volley” the ball to a player or over the net."	male
"From his experiences, he wrote a short story, Die Eichenlaubfahrt (The Oak-Leaves Patrol; Lehmann-Willenbrock had been awarded the Knight's Cross with oak leaves). "	" After the war, Buchheim worked as an artist, art collector, gallery owner, art auctioneer and art publisher."	male
"Lourijsen moved to Amsterdam in 1902 and studied for one year at the Rijksschool voor Kunstnijverheid Amsterdam and continued his studies at the Rijksakademie van beeldende kunsten (1905-1906, 1908-1911) as well as the Haagse Academie van Beeldende Kunsten (1906-1907) He was a pupil and friend of Jan Toorop. "	 Lourijsen was an active portrait painter and draftsman and also served from 1912 onwards as a lecturer at the Ignatiuscollege in Amsterdam.	male
"Should he do so, he commits a trespass to the person and is liable to damages. "	" However, if the plaintiff is informed by a doctor of the broad risks of a medical procedure, there will be no claim under trespass against the person for resulting harm caused; the plaintiff's agreement constitutes informed consent."	male
"He was upset when Lahovari died not too long after, and authored his obituary. "	 Caragiale also became a collaborator on Filipescu's journal Epoca and editor of its literary supplement.	male
"Freinsheim was born at Ulm on November 16, 1608, and after studying at several universities: Marburg, Giessen and Strassburg, he visited France, where he remained for three years. "	" Freinsheim returned to Strassburg in 1637, and in 1642 was appointed professor of eloquence and holder of the Skyttean chair at the University of Uppsala."	male
"In 2014, Pulkki was awarded the Samuel L. Warner Memorial Medal for his significant research work surround and multichannel audio. "	" Pulkki was appointed docent of spatial sound at Aalto University in 2007–2012, an assistant professor in 2012–2015 and a professor in 2015."	male
"Hermann Müller, a Social Democrat heavily influenced by his father, an advocate of Ludwig Feuerbach's views, is the only German chancellor who was not a member of any religion. "	" From 1899 to 1906, Müller worked as an editor at the Socialist newspaper Görlitzer Volkswacht."	male
That was why he loved Tolstoy so much. 	 Bunin has often been spoken of as a cold writer.	male
"In 1982, he was arrested for anti-Soviet activity and sentenced for 3 years in exile in the Komi Republic. "	 1997--co-founder and editor-en-chief of internet magazine Russian journal.	male
He also ghost-wrote the Petrovs' book Empire of Fear. 	 Thwaites left ASIO in 1971 to become Assistant Parliamentary Librarian.	male
"As Director of Construction at the Olympic Delivery Authority he was paid £285,000 - £289,999 Per Annum.[citation needed] Shiplee was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to construction. "	 Shiplee is a former director of specialist construction consultancy High Point Rendel.	male
"Peter William Likins (born July 4, 1936) was president of the University of Arizona from 1997 until his retirement in summer 2006. "	" At each of these universities, Likins was a professor of engineering."	male
"Wrenfordsley qualified as a solicitor, became a journeyman lawyer in Dublin and at the English Bar, called to the bar on 30 April 1863, he was junior counsel for the Privy Council office in House of Commons inquiries into the foreign cattle market. "	 Wrenfordsley later joined the colonial service and was appointed as a puisne judge at Mauritius in 1877.	male
"Ten years after his appointment to the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center, Kurland was appointed to Research Associate in Psychiatry at the University of Maryland Medical School, in January 1977. "	 Kurland also served as a Research Professor at Johns Hopkins University.	male
"His student and collaborator, Vladimir Steklov, recalled his first lecture in the following way: A handsome young man, almost of the age of the other students, came before the audience, where there was also the old Dean, professor Levakovsky, who was respected by all students. "	 This subject was already known to the students from the lectures of professor Delarue.	male
"The tour ended and he returned to Ottawa, Ontario. "	" MacDonald spent the next few years in various jobs including drive-in restaurant employee, ballroom dance instructor, and teacher's aide for mentally challenged children."	male
"USS Washakie, a United States Navy harbor tug in service from 1944 to 1946 and from 1953 to 1975, also was named for him. "	 Washakie was a hide painter.	male
"A popular teacher because of his genial personality, Dittmar was considered the father of the Department of Prosthetic Dentistry (now the Department of Restorative Dentistry) at the UIC College of Dentistry. "	" Dittmar achieved a national reputation as a writer, teacher, speaker, and executive."	male
"He was a pastor in Münster and Dortmund before he was forced, in 1943, to join the Wehrmacht. "	 From 1947 to 1949 Bornkamm was a professor at the University of Göttingen from 1949 to 1971 and professor of New Testament at the University of Heidelberg.	male
"Despite his limited success on the main ATP circuit, Sluiter won 10 ATP Challenger Tour titles during his career. "	" Though a singles specialist, Sluiter was also an occasional doubles player."	male
"Later he paints flat, angular folds, and in the end he is able to convey the impression of supple, flowing garments. "	 The groups of figures which the Amasis Painter shows were carefully drawn and symmetrically composed.	male
"He obtained a law degree Rigorosum, the oral part of the doctoral examination in 1865, in Vienna, since at the time he was already employed and had been practicing. "	" Thanks to the certificate issued by Miklosich stating that besides being a native speaker of Serbian and Italian (Bogišić) speaks all other Slavic languages, after obtaining a PhD in Giessen, in 1862/63 Bogišić was hired as an administrator of the Slavia Department at the Viennese court library."	male
"He may have used the knife when embalming the bodies of dead popes, but he was careful to avoid it on living patients. "	 Chauliac's reputation as a physician grew quickly.	male
"While in Ecuador, Whymper made a collection of amphibians and reptiles that he handed over to George Albert Boulenger at the British Museum. "	" The collection received some praise from Boulenger, who said that though containing no striking novelties, the collection was interesting on account of the care bestowed by its collector in recording the exact locality from which every specimen was obtained."	male
He created the Kantha Bopha Foundation in Zurich in 1992 and became its head. 	" As both a cellist and a medical doctor, Richner was known by patients, audiences, and donors as Beatocello."	male
"He later became a professor, before becoming an actor. "	 Agashe served as a professor of Psychiatry at the B. J.	male
Hébert was a radical and wasn't after to publish his opinion and used profane language in the majority of his published pieces. 	" The editor had followers who called themselves, Hébertists."	male
"In Texas, a physician who voluntarily assisted in the delivery of an infant, and who proved that he had no expectation of remuneration, had no liability for the infant's injuries due to allegedly ordinary negligence; there was uncontroverted testimony that neither he nor any doctor in Travis County would have charged a fee to [the mother] or any other person under the circumstances of this case. "	" It was significant that the doctor was not an employee of the attending physician, but was only visiting the hospital and had responded to a Dr. Stork page, and had not asked or expected to be paid."	male
"He was married to Susan with whom he had eight children: Marguel, Jobaner, Rhudiza, Jarrel, Emily Rose, Pachel Baron, Rudyard James and Erna Sue. "	" A prolific writer, Lariosa wrote 300 poems, 140 stories, dramas, and novels."	male
"To prove it, he allows Lantenac to escape and then gives himself up to the tribunal that was convened to try him. "	 Gauvain's forgiveness after Lantenac's courageous act contrasts with Lantenac's executing the sailor at the beginning of the novel.	male
Robert Desnos (French: [ʁɔbɛʁ dɛsnos]; 4 July 1900 – 8 June 1945) was a French surrealist poet who played a key role in the Surrealist movement of his day. 	" Desnos attended commercial college, and started work as a clerk."	male
From 1939 until 1940 he was Vice-Minister of War of the Polish Government in Exile in London. 	 From 1945 until 1973 professor of the Polish University in Exile.	male
"Euthymides was a rival of his fellow Athenian Euphronios, and one of his amphorae is additionally marked with the playful taunt hos oudepote Euphronios, words which have been variously interpreted as as never Euphronios [could do], or this wasn't one of Euphronios. "	" Only eight vessels signed by Euthymides survive, six signed as painter, and two as potter."	male
"There he was awarded in 1987 a doctorate in theoretical physics under André Verbeure with dissertation Exacte resultaten voor het spin-Boson model (Exact results for the spin boson model), written in Flemish. "	 From 1989 to 1990 Nachtergaele was an instructor at the University of Chile.	male
"This line of chanoyu that his descendants and followers carried on was recognized as the Senke-ryū (千家流, 'school of the house of Sen'). "	" A writer and poet, the tea master referred to the ware and its relationship with the tea ceremony, saying, Though you wipe your hands and brush off the dust and dirt from the vessels, what is the use of all this fuss if the heart is still impure?"	male
"He was interested in computers at a young age; when Stallman was a pre-teen at a summer camp, he read manuals for the IBM 7094. "	 Stallman was also a volunteer laboratory assistant in the biology department at Rockefeller University.	male
"He specialized in cotton and rubber plants and the classification of palms, particularly the palms of Hispaniola. "	 Cook served as Honorary Assistant Curator of Cryptogamic Collections at the United States National Herbarium from 1898 until 1948.	male
Astruc Remoch (sometimes spelled Raimuch) was a Jewish convert to Catholicism who made his mark in history by attempting the conversion of other Jews during the 14th century. 	" Remoch was a medical doctor in Fraga, Spain in the 14th century."	male
"A little-known feature of the Animation Building was its private rooftop annex, The Penthouse Club, a perk for male employees who could afford its membership fees. "	" It had a gymnasium run by a full-time athletic instructor, a bar, a barber shop, steam baths, massage tables, pool and poker tables, and an outdoor patio which members tended to use for nude sunbathing."	male
In 1940  he sued the New York Graphic Society for reproducing a painting without his permission. 	" While initially the ruling went against the painter, it was eventually reversed; the decision now protects artists' creative works."	male
"Prisoner Helmut Lichtenberg, who had become friendly with a farm family he'd worked for, arranged to slip out of camp and spend much of a weekend with them. "	 Lichtenberg was punished with solitary confinement; the Americans were ultimately both fined $300 and lectured by the judge.	male
"Like Al Bahrani and Nasir, 'Allamah-i Hilli was contemporary with the Mongol upheaval, and played a role similar to that of his teacher. "	 Allamah-i Hilli was a prolific writer whose bibliography comprises about one hundred and twenty titles.	male
"He also wrote comedy sketches for radio and television, as well as several short comedy plays, which he directed and performed worldwide. "	" A movie critic and writer for several years, as well as a publicist for the National Film and Sound Archive, Juddery wrote an e-book guide to movie reviewing for Fabjob Books in 2003."	male
"He was the son of Eliezer Steinman, the Hebrew author and essayist. "	 Shaham was editor-in-chief of Sifriat Poalim Publishing House.	male
"The publication (1710) of engravings based on these drawings made Nattier famous, but he declined to proceed to the French Academy in Rome, though he had taken the first prize at the Paris Academy at the age of fifteen. "	 Nattier aspired to be a history painter.	male
Taalat was quoted in an interview that he had completed many screenplays and looks forward to directing a feature film in the future. 	 Pursuing a film career is definitely in the works as both writer and director.	male
"Carlos Catasse (1944 – January 19, 2010), born Carlos Tapia Sepúlveda in Santiago, Chile, formed his new last name by combining the first two letters of his first, middle and last names. "	 Catasse is a Chilean painter of international recognition.	male
He was educated at Winchester College and Guy's Hospital Medical School. 	 Terrington became a urological surgeon in 1970.	male
"He shut down the organization in 1961, retired to Guadalajara in 1975, and later moved to Southern California in 1980s. "	 Brundage was also a writer and poet closely associated with the Beats.	male
"He was educated at Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield before attending Hertford College, Oxford, where he obtained a BA in Geography. "	 Greaves was the mover--rather than author--of a motion at the Liberal Assembly in 1970 which committed the Liberal Party to pursuing community politics.	male
"He was responsible for designing and directing the implementation of justice sector reform programmes in developing countries. 2006 saw him appointed by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to lead the investigations into the Darfur genocide, in which 300,000 had allegedly been killed. "	 Faal was later appointed to the position of senior trial lawyer and lead prosecuting counsel for the Darfur cases.	male
Vorstius was soon seen by Counter-Remonstrants as moving beyond the teachings of Arminius into Socinianism and he was accused of teaching irreligion. 	 Leading the call for Vorstius' removal was theology professor Sibrandus Lubbertus.	male
Here the Duke is suffering from money worries as Cornwell states he knew that money kept an army efficient. 	" The books tells a fictionalised account of the destruction of Almeida which, as Cornwell notes conveniently for a writer of fiction, remains a mystery."	male
"The report included acknowledgements that Sangharakshita did not always recognise the power imbalance between student and teacher, and that he was not always willing or able to have meaningful dialogue after the sexual involvement had ended. "	" Sangharakshita has been described as among the first Westerners who devoted their life to the practice as well as the spreading of Buddhism and also as a prolific writer, translator, and practitioner of Buddhism."	male
"He is generally known as the most prolific guitarist of the 17th century, publishing seven books during his lifetime. "	 Granata was a barber-surgeon by profession.	male
"It is likely that the abrupt ending of Book IV is to be explained by Froissart's death, which may have occurred while he was writing this part of the Chronicles. "	" The text shows traces of having been worked over by a 'copy editor', who was not the author but someone who seems to have prepared a text, possibly autograph, for reproduction."	male
"During his final illness, he was given the honorary title of Canon of St. "	" Ellerton was best known as a hymnologist, editor, hymn-writer and translator."	male
"In late November 1937, Michalske returned to Lafayette College for his second year as the head coach of the basketball team. "	 Michalske was hired as an assistant football coach and scout for the Cardinals.	male
"After his time with the Volunteers, he spent two years after that as the quarterbacks coach at Southeast Missouri State. "	 Gruden then moved to the University of the Pacific in 1989 as offensive assistant as the tight ends coach.	male
"He is the founder, advisor, and former chairman of Ibbotson Associates, now a Morningstar Company. "	" Professor Ibbotson conducts research on a broad range of financial topics, including popularity, liquidity, investment returns, mutual funds, international markets, portfolio management, and valuation."	male
"There is a memorial to him inside the church, with an epitaph written by his friend, William Wordsworth. "	" Southey was also a prolific letter writer, literary scholar, essay writer, historian and biographer."	male
He has also won awards for his reporting on gun violence and the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests. 	 Lahman was a senior editor for Total Sports Publishing from 1999 to 2001.	male
"He is featured in The Rocket: The Maurice Richard Story where he portrayed legendary Montreal Canadiens centre, Jean Béliveau. "	 EA Sports' video game NHL 06 featured Lecavalier as the cover athlete.	male
"When his term in the Senate ended in 1867, he was nominated to run again, but declined. "	" Dunning gained a national reputation as a lawyer, and was committed to criminal law."	male
"Kanto is strong enough to lift about 50 tons, his reflexes and speed allow him to dodge bullets, lasers, etc. "	 Kanto is a trained athlete and fine hand-to-hand combatant.	male
"Martin Amis, who was harshly criticized in America Alone but gave it a positive review, said of the style: Mark Steyn is an oddity: his thoughts and themes are sane and serious "	" Longtime editor and admirer Fulford also wrote, Steyn, a self-styled 'right-wing bastard,' violates everyone's sense of good taste."	male
"The FATP privilege might not apply to certified public accountants who are not licensed to practice in the state in which the client lives (for example, in a situation where the client lives in New Jersey but works in New York, where he consults a CPA who is licensed in New York but not in New Jersey). "	 The advice must be treated as confidential by both the accountant and the client to be covered by the privilege.	male
"The first band he saw live was Yes at Usher Hall, Edinburgh, in 1974. "	" Fish worked as a petrol pump attendant, gardener, and from 1977 until 1980 worked in forestry at the Bowhill Estate in Selkirk."	male
"In 2003-2004, he served as a member of the Secretary of State's Advisory Panel on Africa, and was a Presidential appointee to the Council of the National Endowment for the Humanities. "	" A trustee of Oberlin College, Rotberg is a visiting professor at the College of Europe in Bruges, Belgium."	male
"There Lorenz Böhler was able to realize some of his most groundbreaking ideas: everything got specialized and standardized, records were kept for later (statistic) analyses, the most important information got written on the plaster and the patients got sorted according to their kind of physical injury, and those who were able to do some kind of work had to help at the military hospital. "	 For a short time in 1918 Böhler was in Italian war captivity and had to work as an advisory surgeon for Italian military hospitals.	male
"However, in his teens Humphries began to rebel against the strictures of conventional suburban life by becoming artistic, much to the dismay of his parents who, despite their affluence, distrusted art. "	" Humphries responded by becoming a voracious reader, a collector of rare books, a painter, a theatre fan and a surrealist."	male
"He was born at Romford, Essex, to Arthur F Chinnery and his wife Dorothy (née Mills). "	 Chinnery was also an artist and painter.	male
"Born in Enfield, Middlesex, Haining began his career as a reporter in Essex and then moved to London where he worked on a trade magazine before joining the publishing house of New English Library in 1963. "	 Haining achieved the position of Editorial Director before becoming a full-time writer in the early 1970s.	male
"His state's awards include 5th and 4th Classes of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd Class of the Order of Merit, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Order of the Badge of Honour, Order for Personal Courage, and Personal Firing Weapon. "	 Durdynets is an honorary professor of the National Academy of Internal Affairs.	male
"Women at Home was written by Louisa Knapp Curtis, wife of the magazine's publisher Cyrus H. "	" After a year it became an independent publication, with Knapp as editor for the first six years."	female
"Her father is a Presbyterian minister, her mother a nurse; her family also includes three sisters and two brothers. "	" With medicine strong in the family, it was natural for Hogg to become a doctor."	female
"In 2009, student Robin Yerkes secured Roanoke's fourth national championship when she won an individual championship in the Division III women's 400m track and field event. "	" Yerkes is the most decorated athlete ever to graduate from Roanoke, earning 12 All-American honors in multiple events."	female
"In addition to these, her hymns were published in magazines edited by Caroline Fry. "	 Thrupp is particularly remembered as a writer of hymns for children.	female
"She is renowned for her work on the role of sex effects and serotonin in metabolising oestrogen, also for identifying target enzymes for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. "	 MacLean is currently a Professor of Pulmonary Pharmacology in the Strathclyde Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences at the University of Strathclyde Glasgow.	female
"When Toronto Zoo opened in 1974, Mehren became its first female veterinarian at the institution, joining Dr. William Rapley. "	 From 1985 to 2003 Mehren was adjunct professor in the Department of Pathobiology at Guelph University.	female
"In the spring of 1900, Washburn received a telegram proposing her the warden's position at the Sage College of Cornell University. "	" Washburn was then offered an assistant professorship of psychology at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio."	female
As is common in her home state Thronicke is of Brazilian German descent. 	 Before becoming a politician Thronicke was a lawyer.	female
"In 2016, she began serving as the State Bar of Arizona’s first Asian American (female) president. "	 Loo’s employment at the university began in 1993 after several years of practicing as a corporate lawyer.	female
"She served as editor-in-chief of Openspace.ru until 2012, when she left the publication along with the majority of her editorial staff due to a withdrawal of funding from private investors. "	" Funded using crowdfunding platform Planeta.ru, Colta.ru guaranteed Stepanova more editorial freedom as editor-in-chief."	female
She attended Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Johnson's School. 	" From 1893 to 1896, Weil worked as an editor and reader at Macmillan publishing house."	female
Professor Neelu Rohmetra is the first woman director of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM). 	 Professor Rohmetra has held various academic leadership positions while serving as Professor of Management Studies in University of Jammu.	female
"Since then, more women have joined the surgical training program in Fiji, leading to the first combined sub-meeting of Pacific Women in Surgery and Royal Australasian College of Surgeon's women in surgery delegates at the GSA//PISA meeting in Denarau, Fiji 2018. "	" Working as a general surgeon in Fiji, Dr Waqainabete some of the surgical load of complications related to non-communicable lifestyle disease especially Diabetes."	female
The couple married in 1975 after Miyuki divorced her ex-husband. 	 Hatoyama worked as assistant professor (1976–1981) at Tokyo Institute of Technology and later transferred to Senshu University as associate professor (1981–1984).	female
"Another major architectural work was her 10-foot statue of Apollo, now destroyed, for the frontage of Drury Lane theatre. "	" Damer was also a writer, with one published novel, Belmour (first published on 1801)."	female
She spoke for the dockers at public meetings and on street corners. 	 Besant was a prolific writer and a powerful orator.	female
"She was appointed as staff to the state legislature, where she started working in 1883. "	" Dromgoole was a prolific writer, publishing both prose and poetry."	female
"After she won the award, her marriage ended in divorce. "	 Since 2005 Nakazawa has been a professor of literature at Hosei University.	female
"The player assumes the role of a knife thrower, and must throw knives at balloons on a rotating wheel with a female assistant strapped to it. "	" The assistant is not a target, and will scream if hit, as well as the screen getting covered in blood."	female
"Between 1966 and 1968, she published three novels to critical acclaim: The Cat Who Could Read Backwards, The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern, and The Cat Who Turned On and Off. "	 The rising mystery writer then disappeared from the publishing scene for 18 years.	female
"In her role as Creative Director, Agapakis focuses on creating experiences and communicating stories about the bioengineering work the company undertakes with the ultimate goal of making biotechnology more approachable. "	 Agapakis is also a science writer.	female
"She campaigned for public health and for the formal, legal allotment of land to members of the Omaha tribe. "	 Picotte was an active social reformer as well as a physician.	female
"What now?, published in April 2008, is an essay based on a commencement speech she delivered at her alma mater in 2006. "	 Patchett is the editor of the 2006 volume of the anthology series The Best American Short Stories.	female
"This occurred even as the editors at Century's Magazine sneered, They got a girl to write the Life of Lincoln. "	 It was at this time that Tarbell decided to be a writer and not an editor.	female
"By 1830 the Female Factory was one of a number of institutions where convicts were employed, although it was the only one for women. "	" It was staffed by a matron, storekeeper, clerk, four assistants to matron, a portress, gate keeper and constable and seven monitresses."	female
"Although she lived in Edinburgh for most of her life, there were several other locations in Scotland that she regularly depicted in her paintings. "	 Black was a prolific painter and as well as landscapes also produced richly coloured flower pieces.	female
	" When a runner completes their 10th Comrades (or achieves either 5 gold medals or 3 wins) they achieve their green number and keep their race number for life, the race number effectively being 'retired' only for use by that athlete."	female
"After her PhD, Herz was appointed a postdoctoral research fellow at St John's College, Cambridge, in 2001. "	 Herz became a Professor in 2010.	female
She graduated from the Far Eastern University of the Philippines where she acquired a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism in 1952 and then an MA in English in 1969. 	" Apart from being a writer, Uranza was also an associate professor of Literature and the Humanities at Far Eastern University."	female
"She was held there until 1974, when her attorney, Frank Cannon, successfully filed for her release under Florida's recently enacted Baker Act. It allowed release of mental patients who were not judged to be a threat to themselves or the community. "	" There was extensive coverage of the trial, but the judge put McCollum under a gag order."	female
"In 1973, she left Maki and founded a new party, Aki (Hebrew: אקי, an acronym for Opozitzia Komunistit Yisraelit (Hebrew: אופוזיציה קומוניסטית ישראלית), lit. "	" Israeli Communist Opposition), serving as editor of its monthly paper."	female
"In the 1940s, women were barred from a number of professions. "	" These included being a magistrate, diplomat, notary, customs officer, stock broker, and prison doctor."	female
She divorced her husband in 1937. 	" By the early 1930s, Burgos was already a published writer in journals and newspapers."	female
"Kimberly Anne McCullough (born March 5, 1978) is an American actress and television director. "	 McCullough later returned to the show in 2005 as a doctor and departed in 2012.	female
"One major group of tricks involves an assistant in a box, which conceals her body from view while any cutting takes place. "	" Most box sawings give the illusion of the two halves of the assistant being moved apart, although there are versions where the effect is simply that a blade must have passed through the assistant's body."	female
"February 20, 2011) - as herself performing violin with Rihanna. "	 Nakano is also a music instructor.	female
"A new edition of her book was published posthumously in Germany in 2003, again anonymously. "	 A controversy broke out when a literary editor revealed the author as Hillers.	female
In 1971 she established the Nigerian University Palynology Laboratory. 	 Sowunmi was appointed Professor of Palynology and Environmental Archaeology in 1982.	female
She called the company Silver Lining. 	 Lunde started working as an aerospace technologist for the FAA in 2003 as a Training Specialist.	female
"She undergoes surgery, but loses the baby. "	 A writer for Ausculture named Roo fifth on their Top Ten Aussie Soap Villains list.	female
"Doors of her home were always open to those in need of help, she received hundreds of people every year, biographer Kizimova wrote. "	 The singer's tactfulness and restraint were a matter of legends.	female
"While writing it, she started a job as a mathematics and physics teacher at a secondary school, and was appointed as a physical geography and geology teacher at the Katholieke Leergangen in Tilburg. "	" Hol was appointed professor in 1945, succeeding Oestreich."	female
"Tony's suspicions came true when an assistant of Governor Radford calls telling him to meet her at Fisher Pier, which was happening approximately at the same time as Chase Edmunds's return to C.T.U. "	" The suspicion came true as a helicopter ambushed the pair, killing the assistant."	female
"Born in Devon, and with early years in Edinburgh and Australia, Stock later attended St Catherine's School, Guildford, where she was head girl, and is a graduate of Jesus College, Oxford, with a degree in Modern Languages (French and Italian). "	" After working in specialist journalism on the oil industry, Stock joined the BBC in 1983."	female
"The name, she later explained in an interview, referred to a woman who is industrious and helps her community... women are called ' obaa sima ' when they have made it through their own efforts – it is the embodiment of the traditional woman. "	" Abbam was owner, editor and principal contributor to the magazine."	female
She won the 2005 People Opposing Women Abuse Poetry Competition and has been awarded the 2006 Ernst van Heerden Creative Writing Award for her flash fiction. 	 Jobson is the poetry editor at the online magazine Mad Hatters' Review.	female
"Although Oracle initially tries to discourage Brown from crime-fighting, she eventually comes to accept her as Batgirl. "	 Oracle later takes a job as an assistant professor at Gotham University.	female
She faced Treasurer Knoll's daughter Mina Knoll in the general election. 	 Auditor Hafer would go on to win the election.	female
A strip of wood is pushed beneath her waist in line with the saw. 	 The saw visibly passes through the assistant and generally sounds like it is sawing through something.	female
Baquero joined the WNBC in 1995 from local cable news network NY1 News where she was a daily news anchor and consumer reporter for three years. 	" Prior to NY1, Baquero was at local station WCBS for five years working in almost every aspect of the newsroom ranging from desk assistant, to researcher, to assignment editor, and finally associate producer of the daily consumer action segment, Troubleshooter."	female
Flanagan had been doing stand-up comedy for six months before she was spotted in December 1994 by the producer of Full Frontal. 	 Flanagan joined the cast as both a writer and performer in 1995.	female
"Prior to her appointment at UNH, Goodwin was the Director of Instrumental Music at Marshwood High School in South Berwick, ME. "	 Working directly under the director are a Percussion Instructor and a Color Guard Instructor.	female
Her dissertation was titled Studies of Grief: narratives of incarcerated women who experienced the death of a significant person while in prison. 	 Ferszt is a professor of nursing and the coordinator of the graduate psychiatric mental health clinical nurse specialist program at URI.	female
"In 2017, she was inducted into the Cal Athletic Hall of Fame. "	" Schott later worked as the assistant director of Tualatin Hills United Soccer Club, and coached as part of the Oregon Olympic Development Program."	female
"After finishing school, she started working at Azzaro as an intern and later as an assistant to Vanessa Seward. "	" Àchaval de Montaigu retired from modelling and was hired by the American fashion magazine V as a stylist, eventually becoming the editor-at-large."	female
"After that year, she reduced her participation to the Monaco phase only. "	 Casiraghi is a published writer and magazine editor.	female
"Towards the song's bridge, the diva sports a smile as she witnesses the nerd dancing and drinking more. "	" The bartender, diva, nerd and stripper all begin to immerse themselves in the music."	female
"The latest novel No Man's Land (Terre des oublis in French, which won the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle (2007)), perhaps her most successful, was in the final list of the prize Femina 2006 and received the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle in 2007. "	 Dương has been labeled as a dissident writer and been expelled by Vietnam’s Communist party and was imprisoned for a short time in 1991 for remarks criticizing the goals and interests of the party and its members.	female
"In the section named Its Evidences Unreliable of her work Christianity, Besant presents the case of why the Gospels are not authentic: before about A.D. 180 there is no trace of FOUR gospels among the Christians. "	" Besides being a prolific writer, Besant was a practised stump orator who gave sixty-six public lectures in one year."	female
It is entirely her own. 	" The rhythm, the feeling, the style and phraseology of L. E. L.'s poetry, were such, that you could immediately recognize it, though the writer's name was not mentioned."	female
"The court denied the motion with a one-sentence statement likely written by Cardozo, If we assume that the plaintiff was nearer the scene of the explosion than the prevailing opinion would suggest, she was not so near that injury from a falling package, not known to contain explosives, would be within the range of reasonable prevision. "	" Posner doubted the sum was ever collected, noting that Palsgraf's family spoke to legal scholars and periodicals about the case in later years, and never mentioned an attempt to collect what would have been about a year's salary for the disabled former janitor."	female
The victory of Valla was important for the Fascist regime and the hostility of many leaders for the participation of women in athletic competitions started to decrease. 	" Mussolini used the victory of the Italian athlete for propaganda, as a demonstration of the strength of the Italian race."	female
"She joined the Goddard Space Flight Center in 1991, and wanted to become an astronaut. "	 Nakamura was appointed an assistant professor with tenure at Nagoya University.	female
"After the sisters arrived in Foochow, China (now known as Fuzhou) they traveled two hundred and fifty miles up the Min River to the inland station. "	" During the journey up the river, news of the foreign doctor's arrival traveled ahead of them, and hundreds of people lined the banks of the river to greet the Bement."	female
"She moved to University of Wisconsin–Madison as a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council fellow, where she worked with Mark Ediger. "	 Fakhraai was appointed to the University of Pennsylvania as an Assistant Professor in 2011.	female
In 1978 she went to Prague for four weeks to work with the protistologist Jiří Popovský. 	 Pfiester was an associate editor for the Journal of Phycology from 1980 to 1988.	female
"In 1996, she was elected as a Justice of the New York State Supreme Court. "	" Serving as a state judge, Donohue handled both civil and criminal cases."	female
"In 1913, she was appointed to serve as Professor of Economics at Wellesley, following the resignation of political economist Katharine Coman, who had founded the Department. "	" That same year, Balch was promoted from Associate Professor to Professor of Political Economy and of Political and Social Science."	female
"Her stormy marriages, her romances with famous stars, her forays into politics and feminist causes kept her name before the public. "	 That led to a second career as a writer.	female
"Despite the changes that have taken place in the retail industry since Bondfield's day, Cox and Hobley believe that, were she alive, she'd still be champing at the bit, trying to coax shop assistants to join a union, and fiercely championing shopworkers' rights to better pay and conditions. "	 Bondfield was a prolific writer of magazine and newspaper articles.	female
"She became the EIC's music director in 2006, the first woman to hold the post, and served as the EIC's music director until 2013. "	 Mälkki is known as a specialist in contemporary music.	female
She is also the editor in chief of the magazine. 	 This was announced via a contest in the magazine that culminated with a cover spread and article about its new editor.	female
She also took proactive role in the Civil Disobedience Movement of 1932 and Non Cooperation Movement of 1920- 21. 	 Saikiani was also a noted poet and prolific writer.	female
She then attended Queen's College of the City University of New York where she obtain degrees in French. 	" Chikwe became a radio journalist, editor and a publisher."	female
	" The judge ruled that the RIAA's withdrawal of the case--after one and a half years of litigation--did not immunize it from possible liability for attorneys fees, holding that the defendant was a prevailing party under the Copyright Act."	female
"In the appendix section of the novel, Ann Smith describes how she was inspired to write the fantasy. "	" Seola is a fantasy, revealed to the writer while listening to the performance of an extraordinary musical composition."	female
"After graduating from Queens College, Orender attended Adelphi University to pursue her masters in social work. "	 Adelphi University presented Orender with an honorary doctor of law degree in 2007.	female
In 1988 she was made an associate professor at L'Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II. 	 Cifarelli was appointed full Professor at the University of Pisa in 1991.	female
"In addition, Fuchs has also served as a United States Olympic Development Program coach since 1986, and she was named United States Olympic Committee National Field Hockey Coach of the Year in 1998. "	" A USFHA Level One coaching education instructor, Fuchs has been the head coach of the regional USFHA summer league team for the last eight years."	female
The first findings of this project is presented in her book À la recherche de la Rome antique. 	 Moatti has been a full professor at USC since 2004.	female
"In her first year as Resident Director at Belvoir, Sarks directed an adaptation of Medea, which she co-wrote with Kate Mulvany. "	" Sarks had also worked, as assistant director and dramaturg, on another show nominated in that category, Thyestes."	female
"She received her Ph.D. from Purdue University in 1986, where she worked on molecular-beam epitaxy. "	 Kolodziejski joined the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Purdue University as an assistant professor in 1986.	female
Judith Ortiz Cofer notes that switching between the perspectives of Marisol and Guzmán is part of the autobiographical style of her prose. 	" As a writer, I feel absolutely at liberty to cross over boundaries."	female
"On November 7, 2008, judge Szczepańska upheld the city staff decision, and charged the women with indecent exposure, explaining that their personal freedoms cannot encroach on the freedoms of families with children who frequent the same recreation spot. "	" Although topless sunbathing is not prohibited in Poland, the judge sentenced them to pay a fine of 230 zloty (150 zloty by different source, or €40, $55) for breaking the rules of conduct."	female
"In 1976 she cofounded the journal Computers in Industry, serving as the editor-in-chief until 1991. "	" From 1976 to 1994, Karlmark founded and was editor-in-chief of Computers in Industry, an international journal of computer applications in industry."	female
She serves as an advisor to the Calgary Centre for Global Community and on the board of David Korten's People-Centered Development Forum. 	 Lappé is a Contributing Editor to YES!	female
"Apart from her childhood years, Politkovskaya spent no more than a few weeks outside Russia at any one time, even when her life came under threat. "	 Politkovskaya worked for Izvestia from 1982 to 1993 as a reporter and editor of the emergencies and accidents section.	female
"When Catt was seven years old, her family moved to rural Charles City, Iowa. "	" As a child, Catt was interested in science and wanted to become a doctor."	female
"In Haaretz, she criticized the tenure promotion of Barnard College anthropologist Nadia Abu El-Haj over a book that Weiss alleged caricatured Israeli archaeologists. "	" From 2011 to 2013, Weiss was senior news and politics editor at Tablet."	female
"She started to work on crystal growth during her PhD, and by chance met Steve Weiner who was working on biomineralization. "	 Addadi returned to the Weizmann Institute of Science as an Associate Professor in 1988.	female
"She stayed there until 2006, when she began teaching at the University of Michigan in the Department of Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences. "	 Today Steiner is a professor in the Department of Climate and Space Sciences and Engineering.	female
Tilling moved to the School of Social and Community Medicine at the University of Bristol in 2002 where she was appointed as senior lecturer and then reader in medical statistics. 	 Tilling was promoted to professor of medical statistics in 2011.	female
During the fellowship she was taught by H. 	" Then Migeon began as an instructor in Pediatrics at Hopkins working in cytogenetics which was only just starting, as cytogeneticists were beginning to identify the chromosomal basis of various diseases."	female
"She also appeared as herself in The Many Women of Fassbinder (1997), Midnight Journal (1990), Sophia: Ieri, oggi, domani (2007), Kulturzeit (2012), and Tutte le storie di Piera (2013). "	 Maraini is a prolific and well-known writer who continues to produce works today.	female
"On leaving Swansea in 2000, Rowett became Reader in Greek Culture at the University of Liverpool and then 2003 she moved to the University of East Anglia as a lecturer in philosophy. "	 Rowett became Reader in 2006 and then Professor of Philosophy in 2008.	female
"She grew up and attended school in Gaborone, where her parents were working. "	 Masisi is an accountant.	female
"One major advocate of the Chantilly was Tracy Oraas, who began her involvement with the breed in 1988 when she responded to a classified ad advertising chocolate kittens. "	 Oraas and DeRegt undertook efforts to reestablish the breed after consulting a TICA judge.	female
She is buried in Kensal Green Cemetery in London. 	" A gifted and varied writer, Pardoe published many books on varied subjects that strayed across genres and often had an international perspective."	female
In 2016 she was awarded the Elizabeth Blackwell Medal by the American Medical Women's Association for her contribution to the field of women in medicine. 	 Murthy is a qualified physician.	female
"The Goupil, Tooths and Lefevre galleries were among the commercial concerns that showed her work. "	 Originally Engelbach was a portrait painter but later became a specialist flower painter who also painted landscapes.	female
"She is a former co-editor of The Journal of Human Resources, a Research Associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research, and she chairs the Technical Review Committee for the National Longitudinal Surveys. "	 Professor Hellerstein is an internationally renowned labor economist.	female
Sutcliff's early schooling was constantly interrupted by moving house and her illness. 	 Sutcliff then worked as a painter of miniatures.	female
"From 1959 to 1960, she directed a survey of the Cataloging-in-Source experiment conducted by the Library of Congress; though her 1960 report was pessimistic about the possibility of a national project which would provide cataloging within published books, it was the prelude to the successful 1971 introduction of the Cataloging in Publication program. "	 Piercy served as the editor of the Journal of Cataloging and Classification from 1950 to 1956.	female
She defended her Ph.D. thesis in social science in 1968. 	" Rantalaiho served as professor of sociology at the University of Lapland in 1988–1989, and in public health science at the University of Tampere in 1990–1998."	female
"A friend of Coffman's, a 19-year-old, accompanied her that day, but was not directly involved. "	" The judge set aside the conviction on the first charge but upheld the second, for which Lukens received the maximum penalty, 180 days in jail and a fine of $1,000."	female
"In 2013, she was awarded York University's President's University-Wide Teaching Awards, in the senior full-time faculty category, in recognition of time spent on preparing and innovating the courses she teaches. "	 Bazely was also recognized as a Hotshot Professor in the Globe and Mail's 2014 Canadian University Report.	female
Sleaford and Kesteven High School for Girls was established in 1902. 	" It has specialist art status, became an academy in 2011 and was judged to be good by Ofsted in 2013, at which time there were 825 pupils on roll, including those in the co-educational sixth form."	female
"Presently, Coffin splits her time between St. "	" Professionally, Coffin is an economist and university professor."	female
In 1967 she was awarded the Regina Medal by the Catholic Library Association and the Children's Collection Medal by the University of Southern Mississippi. 	 Lenski's first professional goal was to become a painter.	female
She was Editor and Head of Press at Random House Mondadori (until 2009). 	" Since 2016, Batallé has also been Editor and Founder of: Rata and Catedral, of the same publishing group."	female
"She has authored, co-authored, or contributed to many books. "	 Mitton's career has focused on bringing astronomy to the public - both adults and children - as a writer.	female
"In the novel, a young woman lawyer goes to court to reclaim land for a native Band, but from the outset of the trial, things go badly, and a disturbing level of confrontation builds. "	" When the young lawyer and the aging judge journey back to their childhoods, it becomes clear that the courtroom drama merely brushes the surface of both wider and more personal dramas."	female
"Some of her subsequent work focused on methodology and theory, including the co-edited volume Bringing the State Back In, which heralded a new focus by social scientists on the state as an agent of social and political change. "	" For the next five years, Skocpol would serve as an Associate Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and of Social Science, Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and Director for the Center for the Study of Industrial Societies."	female
In 1904 she was president of the Women's Metropolitan Golf Association. 	" Manice was also an amateur but proficient swimmer, sailor, and tennis player."	female
"In 1978, she returned to Modesto, where she served as a Deputy Public Defender. "	" Veneman joined the United States Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service in 1986, serving as Associate Administrator until 1989."	female
She went on to appear in the 2006 film Casino Royale and received a European Golden Globe at the 2008 Italian Golden Globe Awards. 	" Murino was born in Cagliari, Sardinia, and initially wanted to be a doctor."	female
Koshi graduated from Shiga Prefectural Zeze High School and received her undergraduate degree in law from Hokkaido University. 	 Koshi also worked as an adjunct professor at Waseda University in 2005.	female
She acquired her PhD in law at Queen Mary University of London in 2011 for a thesis on the United Nations Human Rights Council. 	" Freedman was a senior lecturer at the University of Birmingham from 2014 to 2016 before becoming professor of law, conflict, and global development at the University of Reading in 2016."	female
"Although Müller has revealed little about the specific people or books that have influenced her, she has acknowledged the importance of her university studies in German and Romanian literature, and particularly of the contrast between the two languages. "	" The two languages, the writer says, look differently even at plants."	female
"Prior to this, she was Professor of eLearning at the Institute of Educational Technology in the UK's Open University. "	 Professor Conole was named an EDEN Fellow in 2013 and was awarded a National Teaching Fellowship from the Higher Education Academy and ASCILITE Fellow Award in 2012.	female
"Kauanui earned her Ph.D. in History of Consciousness at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 2000. "	 Kauanui is Professor of American Studies and affiliate faculty in Anthropology at Wesleyan University in Connecticut.	female
The Sisters of St. 	" They are chaplains, foster parents, and pastoral ministers; they include a lawyer, drug and alcohol interventionists, counselors, retreat directors, and college professors."	female
"One of the most complete of her series was issued in book form, under the caption In Foreign Lands. "	" As a writer of verse and songs, Galpin won high praise."	female
Schmidt-Linsenhoff became Professor of Art History at the University of Trier with a focus on women's research from 1992 until her retirement in 2008. 	 This was followed by a stay in the United States as a visiting professor at Dartmouth College.	female
Gómez cites the support of Jenny Harrison and Donald Sarason for encouraging her to form relationships with mathematicians outside of UC Berkeley. 	 Gómez was an assistant professor of mathematics at Middlebury College.	female
"She then worked for Oxfam as a lobbyist on conflict issues, campaigning at the United Nations and with governments to lessen the impact of conflict on civilians living in war zones. "	 Golding lives in Oxford and works as a freelance writer.	female
"For her insightful social critique and powerful prose style, Cisneros has achieved recognition far beyond Chicano and Latino communities, to the extent that The House on Mango Street has been translated worldwide and is taught in U.S classrooms as a coming-of-age novel. "	" Cisneros has held a variety of professional positions, working as a teacher, a counselor, a college recruiter, a poet-in-the-schools, and an arts administrator, and has maintained a strong commitment to community and literary causes."	female
"Her first foray into movie-making at New York University resulted in a Student Academy Award Nomination for her satirical short film about a housewife's affair, And You Act Like One Too. "	" Seidelman earned an MFA from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts and is an adjunct professor in the school's film department, overseeing students' thesis films."	female
She was raised on the edge of a reservation and attended a Catholic school. 	" (born 1962) Behar is a feminist, anthropologist, poet, writer, and professor."	female
"She often interjected such elements as myth, fairy tale, the supernatural, and fantasy into her works. "	 Matute was a university professor.	female
"As she found that art was not the path she wanted to follow, she dived into the world of medicine; Gomperts did not find her calling in the field of reproductive medicine until later on in her medical career. "	" After graduating from medical school, Gompert worked in a small hospital in Guiana as a trainee doctor."	female
"She gave birth to two children, Princess Sentelweyinkhosi and Princess Sibusezweni. "	 Masango was a painter.	female
Rawlinson was practicing night flying with a trainer when her A-24 began to experience technical issues. 	" The instructor was thrown free, but Rawlinson was stuck in the front seat as the plane went up in flames, unable to open the plane's broken canopy lock."	female
"After postdoctoral research at Michigan State University, she became an assistant professor at Hope College in Michigan in 1998, then moved to the University of Oregon in 2000 and to Notre Dame in 2001. "	 Polini is currently an Associate Editor for the Journal of Commutative Algebra.	female
"Another letter, given to the FBI in August of that year and said to have been written by a woman in Colorado Springs, Colorado, was postmarked from Oakland, California. "	" That letter, written in February, made reference to seven small dolls which the writer stated would be altered to look as though they were seven real Chinese dolls, designed to mimic a family of parents, grandparents and three children."	female
"She was born in Tokyo, Japan. "	 Takata was a commentator and judge on the show.	female
Her Harkness Fellowship project was entitled Insurance Coverage and Cost Growth. 	 Vaithianathan returned to the University of Auckland in 2009 as an Associate Professor.	female
She learned to speak Russian so she could visit the Soviet Union. 	 Janeway was a judge for the National Book Awards in 1955 and for the Pulitzer Prize in 1971.	female
"Much of the humor derives from Creech's playful use of language: When Mary Lou's mother forbids her using the words God, stupid, and stuff, Mary Lou makes a foray into the thesaurus with hilarious results. "	" Tightly written, nary a word out of place, by turns sarcastic, tender, and irreverent, this a real piece of comedy about contemporary teen life from one funny writer."	female
Then for two years she was editor of a computer group's house magazine. 	" Somerville joined the BBC in 1972 as a sub-editor in the radio newsroom, and then became a reporter in 1978."	female
"After an undergraduate at the University of Canterbury (where she edited the student paper Canta) and University of British Columbia, Pickles completed a 1996 PhD titled 'Representing twentieth century Canadian colonial identity : the Imperial Order Daughters of the Empire (IODE)' at McGill University. "	" Pickles returned to the University of Canterbury, rising to full professor."	female
"In Philadelphia, she attended the Cheltenham High School, which inducted her posthumously into their Hall of Fame in 1999. "	" From an early age, Colwin was a prolific writer."	female
"She chose to use her mother's maiden name, Kridakorn. "	" After the coup, the PDRC transformed into the People's Democratic Reform Foundation (PDRF) with Chitpas serving as an assistant secretary."	female
"In 1998 she was invited to Italy by the Gascal club, where she spent several weeks with her family. "	 Lobatch is a coach and judge for the Belarusian Gymnastics Federation.	female
She is the current Women's International Boxing Association lightweight champion. 	 Ro has enjoyed an extensive career as an athlete and as a professional trainer.	female
"One of her daughters, Dr. Maria Paula Survilla, (1964–2020) was a professor of ethnomusicology at Wartburg College in Waverly, Iowa. "	 Survilla has participated in more than 30 exhibitions as a painter.	female
A recent example of Western victim blaming would be a civil trial held in 2013 where the Los Angeles School District blamed a 14-year-old girl for the sexual abuse she endured from her middle school teacher. 	" The District's lawyer argued that the minor was responsible for the prevention of the abuse, putting the entire fault on the victim and exempting the perpetrator of any responsibility."	female
"Sveitabrúðkaup (English: Country Wedding), her directorial debut, premiered in Iceland in August 2008. "	" Valdís was the primary editor on the following films, unless noted otherwise."	female
"The problems were noticed when the women went for post-natal check-ups, and the gauze was removed. "	" After the incidents, the hospital has strengthened the episiotomy repair guidelines, which require the doctor to count the number of pieces of gauze together with a nurse after the procedure, to ensure that no gauze is retained in the patient's body."	female
"Antedating Murder, She Wrote, Ernesta was a mystery novelist, while her widowed sister Gwendolyn (known as G) wrote the stories from Ernesta's dictation. "	" (G was also a writer, but of poetry."	female
"Akkadevi (ಆಕ್ಕದೀವಿ in Kannada, also Akkādēvi, Akkā-dēvi), 1010-1064 CE was a princess of the Chalukya dynasty of Karnataka and governor of an area known as Kishukādu, situated in the present day districts of Bidar, Bagalkot and Bijapur. "	 Akkadevi was well known for being an able administrator and capable general.	female
She also used her writing skills to create magazine articles and novels. 	" Rabe became the editor of a BattleTech magazine, MechForce Quarterly, in 1995."	female
"Later, however, she refused to sing light classical, saying she sang only ragas. "	 Hangal served as honorary music professor of the Karnataka University.	female
"Inspired by the Robert De Niro movie Midnight Run, Evanovich decided that her heroine would be a bounty hunter. "	" This occupation provided more freedom for Evanovich as a writer, as bounty hunters do not have a set work schedule and are not forced to wear a uniform."	female
"Her more recent work has focused on self-portraiture and the depiction of interior, personal spaces, which attempt to demonstrate that a woman approaching her 40s can live alone in an apartment and produce significant artistic output. "	" Micu is a realist painter, working with photography, sketching, graphite drawings, and easel painting."	female
"In the days before Selena's death, Saldívar delayed handing over the bank statements and financial records by saying she had been physically and sexually assaulted in Mexico. "	" During that visit, Saldívar was given a brief physical examination by the clinic's doctor, but this did not include a gynecological exam specifically done in cases of sexual assault."	female
She was unable to attend the ceremony in 2006 to honor her. 	 Abrosimova was a graduate assistant on that team so was invited to the ceremonies.	female
"Her name remained on the ballot, and she received 3,210 votes (8.53%) to finish fourth against Liberal candidate Anita Neville. "	 Rattai was a 33-year-old accountant.	female
"In addition, she is affiliated with the youth organization La Cámpora. "	 Nahón was a professor at the National University of Quilmes and a CONICET scholar.	female
"Back in Germany, Proll's attempted murder charge was dropped when it was gathered that the state had withheld information that could have cleared her but she was still sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on account of bank robbery and falsifying documents; however, she had already spent at least two-thirds of that time in German and English prisons and therefore was released immediately. "	 Proll went on to study film and photography at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg and later became a picture editor for magazine and newspaper.	female
"She is a member of the research program P1-0285, financed by the Slovenian Research Agency (ARRS) and led by Prof. Dragan Marušič, PhD. "	" Kutnar has been a member of the editorial board of the journal Ars Mathematica Contemporanea since 2016, serving as editor-in-chief from 2018."	female
DioGuardi has worked with many popular artists; sales of albums on which her songs appear exceed 160 million worldwide. 	 DioGuardi served as a judge on American Idol for its eighth and ninth seasons.	female
"Phillippa Jane Poole is a New Zealand academic, and as of 2019 is a full professor and Head of School at the University of Auckland; she was previously head of the medical program. "	" After studying medicine at the University of Auckland, Poole joined the staff, rising to full professor."	female
She became an aunt when her brother and sister-in-law gave birth to their son João Miguel in 2009. 	 Penicheiro also enjoys listening to R&B music and is an avid collector of watches and clothes.	female
"In 1968, she decided to open a skating club in Wiener Neustadt and worked with Rudolf Lang to build a skating rink. "	 Schwarz married a lawyer and became known as Schwarz-Bollenberger.	female
"While the arbitration panel did concede that Răducan had not gained any advantage by taking the pseudoephedrine, and that she was an underage athlete who had followed her team physician's instructions, they also upheld the IOC's decision. "	" The basis for their decision was the belief that the Anti-Doping Code of the Olympics had to be enforced without compromise, regardless of the intentions or age of the athlete."	female
"The resultant work contained the seeds of all that would blossom in her later work: the innovative narrative style, the focus on feminine consciousness, sexuality and death. "	" Professor DeSalvo worked for seven years on the project of reconstructing the text of the novel as it might have appeared in 1912, before Woolf had begun serious revisions."	female
"After receiving a Rosenwald Fund scholarship, she went on to study librarianship at the University of Michigan, earning a second bachelor's degree in 1931 and a Master of Library Science degree in 1932. "	" From 1918 to 1923, Dunlap was an instructor at Wilberforce University."	female
She called for a bloody struggle against the exploiters and Ukrainian nationalism. 	" Nikiforova was appointed to the position of assistant deputy, but within weeks Makhno stepped down in dissatisfaction with the group's lack of radicalism."	female
Her articles drove circulation at McClure’s Magazine and The American Magazine and many of her books were popular with the general American public. 	" After a successful career as both writer and editor for McClure’s Magazine, Tarbell left with several other editors to buy and publish The American Magazine."	female
She became part of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Birmingham as a research fellow in the Centre for the Study of Global Ethics in 2001. 	" Widdows has continued to work there since, becoming a lecturer in 2003, senior lecturer in 2005, and professor of global ethics in 2009."	female
"She was known for extensive preparation for oral arguments and for running a hot bench, where judges ask lawyers plenty of questions. "	" Unprepared lawyers suffered the consequences, but the vigorous questioning was an aid to lawyers seeking to tailor their arguments to the judge's concerns."	female
"She recently spearheaded an exhibition with Justine Holzman, On the Pond, which uses photographs, text, maps, and digital art to make the case for catfish farming as important sustainable agriculture. "	" As a professor, Lipschitz teaches both studio and seminar courses."	female
"She wrote, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide For Grace (2008) a spiritual memoir and travelogue and The Dude Abides: The Gospel According to the Coen Brothers (2009), both published by Zondervan. "	 Falsani is a correspondent and columnist for Religion News Service and a featured writer and correspondent for Sojourners.	female
"Together with him, she performed research on Zintl phases. "	" At first, Eisenmann worked as a research assistant."	female
"Her advice for them was to not tell anyone about the child's illness, and to take her home, make life as easy as possible for her, and in three weeks' time, she'll be gone. "	 The Bushes went against both parts of the doctor's advice.	female
Her first international tournament was Asian Football Confederation Women's Championship 2001 held in Chinese Taipei when she was only 17 years. 	" As a coach, Maymol and an AFC ‘A’ Coaching Certificate and is also an instructor for the AIFF ‘D’ License Instructors Course."	female
"In her tenure she has held the position of Books and Arts editor, from 1988 to 1992, and US Editor, from 1992 to 2000. "	" Since 2003, Wroe has been the Obituaries editor at The Economist, which typically publishes one obituary in each print issue."	female
"If women were able to make recommendations that carried weight for both political posts and literary prizes, it was because they were thought capable of evaluating and expressing the values integral to relation in the Republic of Letters. "	 They could judge and produce not only grace and beauty but also friendship and virtue.	female
"Subsequently, she trained in London as a psychiatric nurse, becoming a Registered Nurse (RN) and a Psychiatric Nurse (PN) before returning to Canada. "	" Bridgman went on to earn the Director of Nursing designation from the University of Saskatchewan, rising to become a nurse administrator."	female
"Several years later, Döll began her research on global and regional modeling of water availability and use at the University of Kassel. "	" Döll is currently a professor of hydrology and researcher at the Institute of Physical Geography, Goethe University Frankfurt."	female
Norwegian coach Bjørnar Håkensmoen gave Sara Renner a ski pole after hers was broken when a competitor stepped on it during the cross-country team sprint at the 2006 Winter Olympics. 	" Norway's athlete ended up fourth, implying that this selfless act of sportsmanship may well have cost the Norwegian team a medal."	female
"Born to Tanzanian and Indian parents, she is a lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on education law. "	 Pancholi was a practising lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on labour/employment and education law.	female
The area she was based in was poor and people had trouble affording the consultation and medicine fees. 	" During the Blitz, Billig was the doctor in charge of the air raid shelters in Wapping."	female
"Excited about her newly developed style and feeling ever more nationalistic, she wrote to her family in April 1923: I feel myself ever more Brazilian. "	 I want to be the painter of my country.	female
"She describes how one memory triggers another, which in turn triggers another and how she is powerless to stop it: It's like a split screen; I'll be talking to someone and seeing something else. "	 One writer claimed hyperthymesia may be a result of reviewing memories constantly to an obsessive-compulsive degree.	female
"In 1967, her first novel, The Fat Woman's Joke was published. "	" I thought this was because I was a wonderful writer, But it wasn't."	female
"Before she was nominated Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Wormuth served in the National Security Council as the Special Assistant to the President and the Defense Policy and Strategy Senior Director. "	" From 2009 to 2010, Wormuth was the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Homeland Defense."	female
"Before this volume, Excursions en Roumélie et en Morée (Excursions in Rumelia and Morea) (Zürich 1863, 2 vols.) was published, in which she tried to show that 19th-century Germany had the same civilizing task as Ancient Greece. "	 D'Istria was also a painter.	female
"An acquaintance of the Countess of Werdenberg, she works for the Mitleid corporation and tries to change the sky back to its original shape, which she succeeds in doing. "	" Professor Enuma dies, after the tower collapses."	female
She was one of seven women among the district's 58 judges. 	 Sotomayor generally kept a low public profile as a district court judge.	female
"An article in the December 6, 1919 issue of the Bridgeport Telegram reported Miss Minerva Pious delighted the school with her dramatic reading and added Miss Pious has given very many successful story readings through the past year and will continue the community work. "	 Pious's excellent typing and shorthand in high school led to a job as a stenographer for a judge in Bridgeport.	female
"She graduated from the University of Iowa and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where she is now a professor. "	" A former education editor of Newsweek, Hancock is active in several education and children's organizations."	female
to be dedicated in her memory.[citation needed] It is the first film of Tarantino's that Menke has not edited. 	 Menke's feature film credits as editor are tabulated below.	female
"As of March 2018, she was pursuing a Doctor of Philosophy degree in pediatric HIV/AIDS, at the School of Biomedical Sciences at the University of Antwerp in Belgium, a task she completed in 2020. "	" Kitaka is a specialist in infectious diseases among children and adolescents, with special interest in HIV/AIDS infections among adolescents."	female
"Days later, she jumped the two metres height for the first time on home soil at the IAAF Grand Prix Zagreb. "	" Although Hestrie Cloete won the competition overall, Vlašić's defeat of the psychological barrier and improved personal best was the highlight of the meeting and Cloete praised the young athlete's performance."	female
"Currently dean at the Beaconhouse National University's school of visual arts, she is known to promote a unique intellectual perspective among students, teaching them to appreciate nature, cultural traditions and sacredness of the crafts. "	 Hashmi was also professor and the head of the National College of Arts.	female
"During her university years, she was a socialist. "	" After university, Mantel worked in the social work department of a geriatric hospital and then as a sales assistant in a department store."	female
"She subsequently broke the record later that year at the Memorial Van Damme in Brussels with a 4.92 m jump, her eighth world record of the season. "	 Isinbayeva was named World Athlete of the Year for winning the Olympic & World Indoor title and breaking the World record eight times.	female
"Auditor Hafer campaigned hard, but hurt herself when during the campaign she called the governor a redneck Irishman. "	 Auditor Hafer was defeated by thirty-six percentage points in one of the most lopsided gubernatorial elections in state history.	female
"This worked continued until 1955, when she took up a post at Grosvenor Museum, Chester. "	 Pirie was appointed Assistant Curator at the Grosvenor Museum in 1955.	female
"Kulkarni was born in Bijapur, Karnataka and her parents moved to Australia in 1961 when she was three years old. "	 Kulkarni worked as a doctor specialising in accident and emergency medicine before becoming a psychiatrist.	female
"She finished third and fifth, respectively. "	" The team needed vault specialists, and Vise was a bar and beam specialist."	female
"The 2016 collector's piece, for the Queen's 90th birthday, has a one-year-only portrait of her on the obverse designed by James Butler. "	" The 2017 collector's piece returned to Pistrucci's original design of 1817 for the modern sovereign's 200th birthday, with the Garter belt and motto."	female
"Upon Jacqueline Picasso's death in 1986, her daughter offered to pay inheritance taxes by a new dation. "	 Picasso once said I am the greatest collector of Picassos in the world.	female
"Pimentel grew up in a liberal family, in her youth she was part of the city council campaign of her PT affiliated uncle. "	 Before becoming a politician Pimentel worked as a college professor.	female
"She wrote, The era of the 'bedroom blogger' is long gone, replaced by corporate entities trying to outdo each other with clickbait headlines and subsisting on popup ads that get more bewildering every day. "	 MacDonald also served as an editor and writer at Publishers Weekly.	female
"In October 2020, she was appointed as the next C.L. "	" Peck, Class of 1906 Professor in the School of Engineering."	female
"Following her divorce, she went to work, first as an insurance agent and later as the editor of the women's sections for five weekly newspapers in the Birmingham area. "	 That experience led to a position as a staff writer for the Birmingham News.	female
"From 1997 to 1998, Stang was an instructor in the Department of Food Science and Nutrition at University of Wisconsin–Stout where she taught courses in Maternal and Child Nutrition and Geriatric Nutrition and Medical Terminology. "	" From 1998 to 2005, Stang served as a continuing education specialist and project director for the leadership, education, and training program in maternal and child nutrition at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health."	female
"Daneh Ghorbani was Edmund's wife, but she left him more than ten years before The Fall. "	" Daneh was a doctor before The Fall, specializing in (genetic) Change-related complications."	female
"Open straight pool championships for a total of seven back-to-back wins, her streak foreclosed after 1978 by the discontinuance of the competition itself. "	 Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete.	female
"In her capacity as a writer, she also became the first Hispanic opinion maker contributor for Facebook’s new platform “Bulletin.” "	" Arrarás is also an investigative reporter and writer, and has authored several books."	female
"Official Nintendo Magazine listed her as one of the unsung heroes amongst the Mario series, stating that Birdo does get more exposure than the other characters in this section (she's showed up in a few Mario spin-offs), but she/he's still not as popular as we'd like. "	 GamePro editor The D-Pad Destroyer called Birdo everyone's favorite.	female
"Several institutions, schools and streets have been named after her: for instance, in the cities of Dresden, Solingen, Neuss and Calw. "	" It is also recalled that the doctor lived, studied and worked in the Bavarian capital Munich for many years."	female
Mary Elkinton Nitobe lived in Japan until her death in 1938. 	 Nitobe was a prolific writer.	female
She wrote nine episodes during its last two seasons. 	 Holzman went from story editor to executive story editor to a creator and writer of the show.	female
"Serrano has won her last two world title defenses, both decisions, one in ten rounds in Las Vegas and another one, a six-round win in Phoenix. "	 Serrano is also a lawyer.	female
"After graduating, she worked and studied at Grazia Deruta Majolica Pottery, the Artists’ Union of Russia, Tomsk State University and Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity. "	" Drysdale is a painter, a colourist, whose chosen canvases are ceramics."	female
"She is also on the Advisory board of the Shaharit think tank, leadership incubator, and community organizing hub. "	" Pedaya is a prolific writer of art criticism, opinion journalism, and social analysis, in particular about Mizrahi issues."	female
Her winning the largest number of medals at the Turin Olympics caused IOC president Jacques Rogge to call her the woman of the games. 	" The following day, February 27, Klassen signed the most lucrative endorsement deal ever for a Canadian amateur athlete, with Manitoba Telecom Services (MTS), estimated at about $1 million."	female
"In her fictionalized account of Murasaki's life, The Tale of Murasaki: A Novel, Liza Dalby has Murasaki involved in a romance during her travels with her father to Echizen Province. "	 McCullough writes that Murasaki is both the quintessential representative of a unique society and a writer who speaks to universal human concerns with a timeless voice.	female
The book was a finalist for the Toronto Book Award and earned her the Canada-Japan Literary Award for the second time. 	 Sakamoto is also known as a writer of screenplays and essays on visual art.	female
She believed that truth could be captured in the careful crafting of language and that no human experience was beyond the power of language. 	 Molinaro was also a painter in the style of the Haitian primitives.	female
"The group provides support and encouragement for each other, and Hoag often thanks them in the acknowledgement section of her books. "	" Hoag owns horses, and often goes for a ride to combat writer's block."	female
"However, after only one year she returned to the political scene as a personal secretary, this time in the Ministry of Finance. "	" The first cabinet Brundtland losing office to the cabinet Willoch following the 1981 election, Strand returned to work one more year as assistant secretary in the Ministry of Finance."	female
She is a former president of the National Action Committee on the Status of Women and was the New Democratic Party (NDP) Member of Parliament for Broadview 	 McDonald is a professor emerita of sociology at the University of Guelph.	female
"During her time at California State University, Skalisky was inspired greatly by art historian John Fitz Gibbon. "	 This professor influenced Skalisky's love for Italian primitives and painters of the trecento.	female
"Stephanie realizes that Abruzzi is conducting psychological warfare against her, believing that she knows where Evelyn is. "	" Abruzzi, besides being a wargamer, is an avid collector of military memorabilia, and believes the medal is a lucky talisman."	female
"Her first combat experience came during the three-day Battle of Sokolovo (8–11 March 1943) when she was credited with killing seven German soldiers, earning her immediate ace status. "	 Ljalková later became a sniper instructor of the Czechoslovak and Soviet infantry.	female
"Didrikson's first job after high school was as a secretary for the Employers' Casualty Insurance Company of Dallas, though she was employed only in order to play basketball as an amateur on the company's industrial team, the Golden Cyclones. "	" Despite leading the team to an AAU Basketball Championship in 1931, Didrikson had first achieved wider attention as a track and field athlete."	female
"In at least one documented case (the trial of the White Rose conspirators), the defense lawyer assigned to Sophie Scholl chastised her the day before the trial, stating that she would pay for her crimes. "	 The presiding judge would read the charges and then call the accused forward for examination.	female
In 1975 she was chosen the German Sportspersonality of the Year. 	 Tittel is a lawyer by profession.	female
"As well as endorsing luxury brands, Schiffer has appeared as the face of high street retailers including Mango and Accessorize, and had her ears pierced for the first time specially for the 2006 Autumn/Winter Accessorize campaign. "	 Schiffer was a judge on Fashion Fringe in 2011.	female
Her television career began when she was asked to write scripts as she was procrastinating while writing her PhD dissertation. 	" This led, within two years, to a writer's position for Charmed."	female
"As of the second semester, she also worked as a freelancer in the sports department of SPORT1. "	" This was followed by activity as a moderator, reporter and editor at the online portal Spox.com, from 2013 to 2014."	female
"She also said, I enjoyed being in the band immensely, I’m glad I did it. "	 Berenyi later worked for a magazine as a sub-editor and did not perform for many years.	female
Barbara Romanowicz is the daughter of Kazimierz Romanowicz and Zofia Romanowiczowa. 	" From 1979 to 1981, Romanowicz was a postdoctoral research assistant at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."	female
"Thus, any estimation of her ability to thrive or even survive could be only speculative, though Lali's family described her as functioning normally. "	" A local doctor told reporters that the baby should be considered a healthy child who currently was living a normal life, a previously unknown occurrence among sufferers of the disorder."	female
"Bijoch walked over 50 shows in the 2011/12 season including Thakoon, Narciso Rodriguez, Nina Ricci, Victoria Beckham, Gianfranco Ferré, Moschino, and Balenciaga (which she closed). "	 Bijoch has been a guest judge on Poland’s Top Model.	female
MacDonald was crowned as the Queen of the Movies in 1939 with Tyrone Power as her king. 	 MacDonald was awarded an honorary doctor of music degree from Ithaca College in 1956.	female
Supervised by Eckard Lefèvre she gained her doctorate in Latin Philology (doctoral thesis: Ovid's monologue). 	" Since 1993, Auhagen has worked at the University of Freiburg, first as a research assistant, since 1995 as a research associate, in the area Transitions and tensions between orality and scribality."	female
She identifies herself as a Hindu. 	 Banerjee is a self-taught painter and a poet.	female
With Heinz Stoob she received her doctorate at the University of Münster in 1986 with a thesis on the rule of travel Karls IV. south of the Alps. 	 From 1989 to 1995 Widder was scientific assistant at the University of Münster.	female
"In 2011, she participated in Sony TV's Maa Exchange along with mother Jaya Sawant. "	" Often appearing in reality shows as a host, judge or participant, Sawant is a regular stage performer."	female
Her job on the Showtime series was her first on a show written for cable 	 Rosenberg initially worked as a consulting producer and writer on the first season.	female
"She now broadly supports the Labour Party, although she was critical of its left-wing leader, Jeremy Corbyn. "	 Toynbee previously worked as social affairs editor for the BBC and also for The Independent newspaper.	female
"In 1871 she married Major John Swiney (1832–1918), and devoted herself to becoming a full-time wife and mother. "	" Since 1890, Swiney was a feminist activist, lecturer, and writer in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire."	female
"She grew up in Kuwait and Egypt, and after the Gulf War, moved to Texas with her family. "	" Jarrar is now an author, novelist, essayist, translator, and writer of short stories."	female
She is occasionally seen presenting the 6pm news during summer. 	 Azzopardi joined the Nine Network's news service Nine News in 2009 as a political journalist located in Canberra.	female
