context	segment	gender
"He appeared as such by his work in three volumes, published in 1835 with the title: Observations sur le projet de révision du Code pénal. "	 This work could not miss drawing the attention to its author.	male
He is the recipient of many academic honours (see below). 	" Giddens, the author of over 34 books and 200 articles, essays and reviews, has contributed and written about most notable developments in the area of social sciences, with the exception of research design and methods."	male
"CP Leblond was born in Lille, France, in 1910, the son of a building contractor who died when Leblond was only 10 years old, leaving his mother to raise four boys on her own. "	" A brilliant student, Leblond debated becoming a film producer, an architect or a scientist."	male
"He quickly discerned the genius of George Eliot, forthwith accepting and publishing in his magazine the first instalment of her earliest fiction the 'Scenes of Clerical Life,' which had been sent to him without the name of the author, for whom thus early he predicted a great career as a novelist. "	" This commencement of a business connection was soon followed by a personal acquaintance between author and publisher, which ripened into intimacy."	male
He appeared in stage productions throughout college and continued on stage long after his tour of duty in Vietnam. 	 Savini served as a combat photographer during the Vietnam War.	male
"The artist currently lives and works in the outskirts of Cali, where he devotes his time both to the exploration of painting and artistic materials and techniques. "	 The artist's online magazine has been discontinued as of 2007.	male
Motl is described as having a natural talent for drawing cartoons – sometimes getting into trouble with people feeling insulted by his depiction of them. 	 Some episodes indicate that the author intended to have the character enter a journalistic career.	male
"“Dictators are stupid,” he noted, “They won’t necessarily read between the lines.” "	" As a young artist in Baghdad in the 1980s, Alfraji worked as an animator for children's television."	male
"However he often spent long periods at the Château de Saché, near Tours, the home of his friend Jean de Margonne, his mother's lover and father to her youngest child. "	 Today the chateau is a museum dedicated to the author's life.	male
"A precocious youngster, he was admitted to the Pharmacy School at the University of Buenos Aires at 14 years of age and subsequently to the Medical School of the same university from 1904 to 1910, beginning when he was only 17 years old. "	" While a third year medical student, Houssay took up a post as a research and teaching assistant in the Chair of Physiology."	male
"Born in Port de Grave, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada), he was the fourth of the seven children of Robert Prowse and Jane Woodley. "	 Prowse is the author of A History of Newfoundland which is considered one of the most complete and meticulous colonial history books in existence.	male
"He accompanied Friedman in his numerous tours of China, and was present when Friedman met with Chinese leader Zhao Ziyang to discuss economic reforms. "	 Cheung was also an avid photographer.	male
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet nurse; the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home. 	" When the Balzac children returned home, they were kept at a frosty distance from their parents, which affected the author-to-be significantly."	male
"Aside from his work as a musician, Mickelson has worked as a writer for Scream Magazine in addition to his work as a graphic designer. "	 Mickelson is the lead designer for Scream Magazine and the Inferno Metal Festival.	male
"Paul intervenes and overpowers him, but he wriggles free. "	 The librarian is then run over by a car in front of the library and apparently killed.	male
"At any rate, Philotas, the physician of Amphissa, used to tell my grandfather, Lamprias, that he was in Alexandria at the time, studying his profession, and that having got well acquainted with one of the royal cooks, he was easily persuaded by him (young man that he was) to take a view of the extravagant preparations for a royal supper. "	" But the cook burst out laughing and said: The guests are not many, only about twelve; but everything that is set before them must be at perfection, and this an instant of time reduces."	male
"Though baptised as Emilio Stanley by Italian missionaries in his youth, he has been known as Mwai Kibaki throughout his public life. "	 Kibaki turned out to be an exemplary student.	male
"In the late 1980s and early 1990s, he turned from programming and application books to imaging technology, writing some of the very first books devoted to scanners (The Complete Scanner Handbook, Dow-Jones Irwin, 1990) and digital Photography (Digital Photography, MIS Press, 1995.) "	" While working full-time as an author, Busch continued to write articles and monthly columns for magazines such HomePC, Macworld, Internet World, NetGuide, Windows Magazine, Windows Sources, and many other publications."	male
"He enjoyed the best goalscoring form of his career here, which earned him a move to English Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2009, where he made just ten appearances before returning to Austria. "	 Maierhofer was initially trained as a restaurant specialist/cook.	male
"By studying the histolotgic sections of the teeth of animals, he inspired a new discipline: the histo-physiology of teeth and surrounding structures. "	 Schour was an innovative teacher who ensured that dental professionals were kept abreast of non-dental research in the other sciences by founding the annual Midwest Seminar of Dental Medicine.	male
Durrio tried to help his poverty-stricken friend in Tahiti by promoting his oeuvre in Paris. 	 The 1906 exhibition of Gauguin's work left Picasso more than ever in this artist's thrall.	male
"He alternated the drawing of Nippur de Lagash with his creator, Lucho Olivera. "	" Mulko is the artist who has drawn more episodes of Nippur; more than 150 in two stages: between 1972 and 1976, and between 1988 and 1994."	male
"In September that year, he was appointed a deputy secretary in the Department of Supply, rising to the rank of full secretary by 1945. "	" Patel became Home Secretary under Vallabhbhai Patel in 1946, serving till 1950."	male
"It finally leads him to union with Christ by exciting love for him as well as by pointing out the frailty of all creatures: It is necessary to leave the beloved thing for the beloved, because Jesus wishes to be loved above all things (Oportet dilectum propter dilectum relinquere, quia Jesus vult solus super omnia amari: II, xvii). "	" Though the book betrays that the author was well versed not only in Scholastic philosophy and theology, but also in the secrets of the mystical life, yet this fact never obtrudes itself on the reader, nor does it obscure the meaning of the contents."	male
"Since 1976, he has worked as a freelance writer. "	" Maar is the author of a large number of novels, short stories and plays."	male
"But Wilders did not want to cooperate, the Dutch right splintered, and Spruyt decided to end his brief political career after six months. "	" After leaving politics, Spruyt entered a life as an independent consultant, journalist, teacher, writer and speaker."	male
"He is reputed to have led a secluded Islamic life as a marabout until his death on 14 October 2017 in Sévaré, aged 77. "	" It was met with wide critical acclaim, winning the Prix Renaudot that very year, the first African author to do so."	male
"At the age of eighteen he was received into the Order of Preachers at Rome, and made his religious profession in 1852 and studied philosophy at the College of Saint Thomas, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum. "	 From the beginning Zigliara was a student of uncommon brilliancy.	male
	 McKay was elected student body president in 1916.	male
"Wiinblad illustrated the work of his fellow Dane, Hans Christian Andersen, when he took on the task of providing the artwork for The Swineherd(195 ) which won an award from the American Library Association. "	 Wiinblad was an important designer for the Rosenthal porcelain company.	male
Gemmell later said that his Managing Director had regarded it a poisonous attack on his integrity. 	" After the publication of Waylander, Gemmell became an author full-time, writing over thirty novels in total, some as part of long-running series, others as standalone works."	male
"In 1993 Jungnickel joined Augsburg University where he occupies the chair for discrete mathematics, optimisation, and operations research. "	 A reviewer notes that The author does a beautiful job showing and developing the practical applicability of the fascinating area of finite field theory.	male
He left his position for personal reasons and took several clerical and accounting jobs. 	" After briefly serving in law enforcement for the colonial government, Gizenga became a teacher at a secondary Catholic school."	male
"He contacted Lawrence Weschler, a writer at The New Yorker, and helped organize Shapinsky's first one-man show, at London's Mayor Gallery. "	" As a result, Shapinsky became a 'revived artist' as an abstract impressionist."	male
"He moved to Sarajevo in September, 1909, and worked as a curator and later administrator at the National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina, this period started his intensive years of working. "	 Ćorović was also a secretary of the Serbian cultural society „Prosvjeta“ in Sarajevo and organizer of its annual publication (Calendar) of 1911.	male
"The author himself had no very high opinion of the work, remarking that he had written it chiefly for young students. "	" The Shulchan Aruch achieved its reputation and popularity not only against the wishes of the author, but, perhaps, through the very scholars who criticized it."	male
"Welles' main objection to the generally accepted translations of Nostradamus' quatrains (so called because Nostradamus organized all his works into a series of four lined prose, which were then collected into centuries, or groups of 100 such works) relates in part to the translation efforts. "	" While many skilled linguists have worked on the problem of translating the works of Nostradamus, all have struggled with the format the author used."	male
"Additionally, he served as a playoff reinforcement for the Pastora de Los Llanos and Cardenales de Lara, making him one of few players to wear all uniforms in the eight-team league. "	" Starting 2009, Álvarez engaged on a musical career as a reggaeton artist."	male
"The year 1939 saw the publication of his best work, Matthĳs Maris: de tragiek van den droom ('The Tragedy of the Dream'), a biography of the painter Matthijs Maris, who was a brother of the Dutch artists Jacob and Willem Maris. "	" Two years later, Figuren en problemen der monumentale schilderkunst in Nederland ('Figures and Problems of Monumental Painting in the Netherlands') was published, again with designs by the author."	male
"During the 1870s, several incidents made Alexander Stewart hostile towards Seligman, although the two men had served together on the board of the New York Railways Company, whose president was Judge Henry Hilton, a Tweed Ring associate. "	 The first incident involved Seligman's declining the post of Secretary of the Treasury.	male
"Not only did he continuously treat new subjects, he is also known, upon popular demand, to have reworked at his Beyoğlu atelier some of his earlier studies of Damascus, Beirut and Egypt from sketches at hand, selling most of them to his Levantine clients. "	" During this formative period in the Turkish art of painting and its milieu, the artist was, therefore, far-removed from the new developments."	male
"A third review, while not identifying any specific themes, said the author was layering his themes to make the book more exciting. "	 One of my goals as an author is to explore various aspects of human nature.	male
It is his first non-fiction book. 	" The author notes in the foreword of the 1994 reprint of this book that medical practices (both the culture, technology and finances) have changed significantly since the book was written, but that the text was left as is to give us a more complete glimpse into the past."	male
He continued to gain recognition as an applied artist due to his success at the Paris International Exhibit of the Decorative Arts in 1925. 	" After these wins, Brodovitch's career as an applied artist took off."	male
"It was in these February 1858 speeches that Blackwell first argued that woman suffrage was politically expedient no matter a party's principles or goals: Enfranchising women, he said, would allow Republicans to more than double their influence toward abolishing slavery, the American Party to double the number of native-born voters, and Democrats to give votes to labor. "	 Blackwell served as secretary of this organization during its three-year existence.	male
"In 1996, Bowie reflected on his time with Tin Machine: For better or worse it helped me to pin down what I did and didn’t enjoy about being an artist. "	" It helped me, I feel, to recover as an artist."	male
"His single Returner (Yami no Shūen), released on June 20, 2007, was his first and only single to reach the number one spot on the Oricon charts. "	" As a solo artist, Gackt has sold over 10 million records."	male
"In 1912 the novel Dry Valley (Суходол) came out, his second major piece of semi-autobiographical fiction, concerning the dire state of the Russian rural community. "	" Again it left the literary critics divided: social democrats praised its stark honesty, many others were appalled with the author's negativism."	male
"Bates is a good and stylish writer; he has an ear for the pithy phrase, and reading him is generally a pleasure. "	" This book, based on original scholarship, vast knowledge of a rapidly changing global field, and the arcana of many loosely linked disciplines brings the skills and interests of its polymath author together for a supremely important purpose."	male
"In 1851, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. "	 This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Brongn.	male
"He is now a choreographer and dancer, and he is a member of the dancing group Oyaji dancers, where oyaji is a faintly derogatory Japanese word literally meaning dad but also used for middle-aged men in general. "	 Suzuki made a brief appearance as a dancer in the video for the song O!	male
"A few days later, Dr. Van Ness explains the situation to the Secretary of Defense, informing him that, in spite of all the setbacks, the project is still on schedule, and that a working model of the space station is about to be launched into orbit. "	 The Secretary notes with satisfaction: Nothing will take us by surprise again!	male
He also directed numerous TV dramas as well as short films and documentaries. 	" The author of the awarded theatre play, Bashkeshortet and playwright of others staged in Kosovo."	male
"His most influential work espoused the benefits of Moral and social hygiene examples in his books On the Degeneration of Men, its Sources and Prevention, and his System of Hygiene, 1870-71. "	 Reich was an early practitioner of sexology who attempted to address the question of nervousness and sexuality.	male
"He was a principal player in the coup against Khrushchev in October 1964, obviously influencing the KGB to support the conspirators. "	 Shelepin probably expected to become First Secretary and de facto leader of the USSR when Khrushchev was overthrown.	male
"Startide Rising is a 1983 science fiction novel by American writer David Brin, the second book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by Sundiver and followed by The Uplift War). "	 It was revised by the author in 1993 to correct errors and omissions from the original edition.	male
"In his Reflection series, produced between 1988 and 1990, Lichtenstein reused his own motifs from previous works. "	 Interiors (1991–1992) is a series of works depicting banal domestic environments inspired by furniture ads the artist found in telephone books or on billboards.	male
"He worked on the topic until 1889, the knowledge he gathered being evaluated as particularly important for the period. "	" A good painter and drawer, Kanitz was also the author of a number of black and white drawings related to the life in the Balkans."	male
"He is also a member of the group Dilated Peoples, as well as being one-half of Step Brothers with The Alchemist. "	" Before creating music, Perretta was a graffiti artist."	male
"In the ensuing months, he conceded parts of the allegations, telling Christianity Today that there had been only thirteen members of his coven, not 1,500 as originally claimed, and that of those thirteen, the whereabouts of five were unknown to him, while the other eight had since died. "	" Initially, Word Records stated that they would stand by their artist."	male
Thereafter he was an inmate at Brandenburg-Görden Prison in Brandenburg an der Havel until 1945. 	" From 1945 to 1946, Seibt was the first secretary of the Brandenburg district leadership and a member of the KPD Brandenburg state leadership."	male
"By chance, the original maker, now a grown man, is working there as a local guide and he also sees the newspaper. "	" Each movement of the canoe is celebrated by a short chapter, suitable for reading aloud to a child and decorated with black-and-white sketches and at least one full-page watercolor, all by the author."	male
"If this was a court of law, there would have been nothing proven, Goldstone said, emphasizing that his conclusion that war crimes had been committed was always intended as conditional. "	" Nevertheless, the report itself is replete with bold and declarative legal conclusions seemingly at odds with the cautious and conditional explanations of its author."	male
"While there, he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. "	 Toobin began freelancing for The New Republic while a law student.	male
"According to al-Jawbari in his book Kashf al-Asrar (Unveiling the Secrets)members of the Haydariyya dervish order took Hashish before staging their performances of self-mutilation, in order to numb the pain. "	 The author was a conjuror whose writing was an exposé of not only magic tricks but also the 'dodges' of beggars and other 'low-life'.	male
He received his M.A. in English from McGill University in 1928 and his Ph.D. in the discipline from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1935. 	" Professionally, Hayakawa was a linguist, psychologist, semanticist, teacher, and writer."	male
	" According to one student, Medvedev was a popular teacher; strict but not harsh."	male
"He was educated at Dungourney National School, Rockwell College, County Tipperary, and University College Dublin where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Politics and Psychology. "	" For a brief period in the early 1970s, Ahern worked as a secondary school teacher."	male
"His designed products also included a remarkable transistor radio, made from ordinary metal food cans and powered by a burning candle, that was designed to actually be produced cheaply in developing countries. "	" Papanek received numerous awards, including a Distinguished Designer fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts in 1988."	male
"He is also a fan of football and follows his hometown professional football team, FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. "	 Medvedev is an avid amateur photographer.	male
"As a young man, Avakian became involved with the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) at Berkeley, the Free Speech Movement and the Black Panther Party. "	" By the time that SDS split into three factions in summer 1969, Avakian was a leading member of the Revolutionary Youth Movement II faction, and was their candidate for National Secretary."	male
The symbols that Haki Xhakli communicates in his paintings are universal and autochthonous. 	 The inevitable symbol which is present in almost every painting of the artist is the horse.	male
"French quoted Blavatsky as saying: No author in the world of literature ever gave a more truthful or more poetical description of these beings than Sir E. Bulwer-Lytton, the author of Zanoni. "	" This novel is especially important for followers of occultism because of the suspicion--actively fostered by its author--that the work is not a fictional account of a mythical fraternity, but an accurate depiction of a real brotherhood of immortals."	male
At the center of his music is the sound of what is real. 	" The sum total of these varying components is an awesome knowledge, consumed and then shared by an artist who is free enough to do both."	male
"As the investigation wore on, Horsmanden also came to believe that a man named John Ury was responsible. "	 Ury had just arrived in town and had been working as a school teacher and a private tutor.	male
"When an interviewer asked Takahashi if he tried to introduce younger readers to real life gaming culture referenced in the series, Takahashi responded by saying that he simply included stuff he played and enjoyed, and that it may have introduced readers to role-playing games and other games. "	" The author stressed the importance of communication between people, often present in tabletop role-playing games and not present in solitary video games."	male
"Slap-guitarist Miyavi, who has his roots in visual kei, has toured worldwide extensively since 2008, when his This Iz The Japanese Kabuki Rock Tour 2008 tour covered a distance of approximately 48,385 miles, equivalent to almost two trips around the world, and the majority of the concerts were sold out and covered extensively by media organizations. "	 It was the most successful international tour undertaken by a Japanese artist in history.	male
"In 1995, he made an appearance on Broadway, providing the voice of the titular book in the 1995 revival of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. "	" Cronkite was a finalist for NASA's Journalist in Space program, which mirrored the Teacher in Space Project, an opportunity that was suspended after the Challenger disaster in 1986."	male
"(2018) as well as the Hulu original series, “Shrill”, as the main character’s (Aidy Bryant) father. "	" Stern works as an artist, specializing in bronze sculpture."	male
"He is the father of Simon Festing, the former executive director of the Research Defence Society, which focuses on supplying information about, and defending, the use of animals in medical experiments in the UK. "	 Festing is the author of over 200 scientific papers on laboratory animal genetics and related issues.	male
"It was found that three cooks had prepared the meals, one of whom had infected lesions on the index and middle finger of his right hand. "	 The lesions on the cook’s fingers were found to be infected with staphylococci.	male
"But it is the potential insight into the sonnets' chronology, through the relationship of this to Time's pencil and my pupil pen, that is the focus of the debate: George Steevens regards the words as evidence Shakespeare wrote his sonnets as a youth; for T. W. "	" While in general terms Time is in this line a form of artist (rather than a destroyer, as elsewhere in the cycle), its exact function is unclear."	male
"This affected his view of the overall relationship between the sexes, and of course his writing. "	" The play, called by Strindberg the child of my greatest pain, reflects the author's observation that life is an illusion, similar to a dream."	male
Hazlitt's fascination with the extremes of human capability in any field led to his writing The Fight (published in the February 1822 New Monthly Magazine). 	 This essay never appeared in the Table-Talk series or anywhere else in the author's lifetime.	male
"The year 1912 also marked Spargo's only foray into American electoral politics, when he ran for the United States Congress in the 1st Congressional District of Vermont as the nominee of the Socialist Party. "	" At the 1917 National Convention of the Socialist Party, Spargo was the author of a minority resolution in the Committee on War and Militarism calling for American support of the Allied war effort as the least onerous alternative facing the socialist movement."	male
"As one of the largest conservationist organizations in the country,[citation needed] The Wilderness Society has contributed to nearly all major designations of lands to be entered into the wilderness system.[citation needed] The Wilderness Society was incorporated on April 30, 1937, by a group of eight men who would later become some of the 20th century's most prominent conservationists. "	" Yard became the Society's first secretary and the editor of its magazine, The Living Wilderness."	male
"He attended the University of Hawaii, where he received his bachelor's and master's degrees. "	" Originally a high school teacher, Akaka went on to serve as a principal for six years."	male
"Bligh served as Cook's Sailing Master on his third and final voyage, the aim of which was discovery of the Northwest Passage. "	" Upon reaching the head of Cook Inlet in 1778, Bligh was of the opinion that both Knik Arm and Turnagain Arm were the mouths of rivers and not the opening to the Northwest Passage."	male
"In the course of this work, he discovered that not all gases expand equally when heated and that Boyle's Law is only an approximation, especially at temperatures near a substance's boiling point. "	 Regnault was also an avid amateur photographer.	male
"He died in Plovdiv, Bulgaria in 1966. "	 Mandzhukov is the author of several books devoted to the revolutionary struggles from 1895 to 1903.	male
"Fernando Virgili (Cerreto Sannita, 6 September 1913 – Naples, 2007), first Duke of Castelvenere, is an Italian professor, veteran and artist. "	 Virgili attended technical studies and engineering and was a self-taught artist.	male
"It was first published in 1841 as the first volume of his Bells and Pomegranates series, in a low-priced two-column edition for sixpence, and next republished in his collected Poems of 1848, where it received much more critical attention. "	 The author described the work as the first of a series of dramatic pieces.	male
"Under the clouds from the gas chambers, as he put it in his seminal work on Juan Gris. "	" Kahnweiler was very prolific as an author, but never produced a full autobiography."	male
"Kucan appeared on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura on truTV, where he was enlisted by Ventura as the resident skeptic. "	 Kucan is the author of the novel Full Contact: The Collected Stories.	male
"In a scene in the episode, Homer channels his anger into his art. "	" The scene is a reference to the 1959 comedy horror film A Bucket of Blood, in which an artist is screaming at a piece of clay to be a nose."	male
He has two daughters and a son. 	 Vaiko is now the general secretary of the MDMK party.	male
"He acquired a 1908 baby grand piano, played Hammond, Farfisa, and Lowrey organs and used real percussion instruments. "	 Oldfield's previous works featured the artist playing a wide variety of instruments.	male
He ran for the governorship of Cebu in 1931 and became the President of the League of Provincial Governors of the Philippines. 	 Cuenco was Secretary of Public Works and Communications from 1936 to 1939.	male
"By 1748 his novel Clarissa was published in full: two volumes appeared in November 1747, two in April 1748, and three in December 1748. "	" Unlike the novel, the author was not faring well at this time."	male
Kitani had his stroke when he was chatting with Go. Kitani died 6 months after. 	 Kitani was subsequently noted as the most prolific teacher ever of future professional players.	male
"He studied the writings of St Simon, from which he gained his first interest in communism, and had been converted to the extreme republican theories of which Giessen was a centre. "	" After some trouble with the authorities as a result of participating in student radicalism, Liebknecht decided to emigrate to the United States."	male
"Moberg himself was born on a farm just north-west of the town Emmaboda in 1898, where a monument stone now stands since 1970. "	 Nearby is also a small museum about the author.	male
"This led to him being harshly attacked in the 1920s by the proletarian musician movement, especially by the representatives of the RAPM Russian Association of Proletarian Musicians and Prokoll (Production Collective of the Students at the Moscow Conservatory). "	" Roslavets was accused of being a counter-revolutionary and bourgeois artist, alien to the proletariat, as well as formalist, a class enemy and in the late 1920s and early 1930s, a Trotskyist, saboteur; etc."	male
"He continued his active support of ultra-royalist views until his death, which took place in Paris on 17 January 1825. "	" Besides a large number of political pamphlets, Ferrand was the author of:"	male
"Thereafter, in 1936, he joined the recording company His Master's Voice. "	" Coming back to Singapore in 1947, Zubir worked as a part-time photographer with the Utusan Melayu newspaper while composing and performing music and songs."	male
"During that time, he won two BBL championships as a head coach, one with the Birmingham Bullets in 1996 and one with the Manchester Giants in 2000, while also helping London Towers in the Euroleague. "	 Nurse also won the BBL Coach of the Year Award in the 1999–2000 and 2003–04 seasons.	male
"A Complete Course of Lithography combined Senefelder's history of his own invention with a practical guide to lithography, and remained in print as recently as 1977 (Da Capo Press). "	" Unlike previous printmaking techniques, such as engraving, that required advanced craft skills, lithography facilitated greater accuracy and textural variety, because the artist could now draw directly onto the plate with familiar pens."	male
"In 1971, the Military Selective Service Act was further amended to make registration compulsory; all men had to register within a period 30 days before and 29 days after their 18th birthdays. "	" Student deferments were ended, except for divinity students, who received a 2-D Selective Service classification."	male
"Apart from his parliamentary activities, Bellenger wrote a column for the Sunday Pictorial under the byline Voice of the Services. "	" When the Labour Party returned to government with a landslide at the 1945 general election, Bellenger was appointed Financial Secretary to the War Office."	male
Secretary of the Navy during 1962–63; he was also an Assistant Secretary of the Army in 1952–53. 	 Various sources cite different reasons for Secretary Korth's departure.	male
"In the midst of it, Kōji temporarily loses his voice and is forced to go back to his brother and family. "	" Due to the manga artist's illness, the manga ended at volume 19 without a proper ending."	male
Davis was then sentenced to a six-month prison term where he was able to do some research. 	 Opinions expressed in this paper are the author's and are not necessarily those of the Bureau of Prisons.	male
"After a long period of absence lasting more than a decade, he directed a film, Nerkkuneraey (Face to Face), in (2004). "	 Menon made a name as a versatile Poster Designer as well.	male
"In 1960, he married French-Canadian Janick Larouche, whom he met in a language class in Toronto, and with whom he had sons Pierre and Hans. "	" Professionally, Zündel worked as a graphic artist, photographer, photo retoucher, and printer."	male
"In his 1997 report Shaping their future, Professor Barry McGaw was highly critical of the School Certificate. "	" Professor McGaw recommended that the School Certificate be abolished and replaced, for students leaving school, with a statement of achievement which would include each student’s results on statewide tests in literacy and numeracy as well as school-based results in all courses completed in Year 10."	male
"Hemingway shows, through Jake's actions, his disapproval of the people who did not pay up. "	" As such, the author created an American hero who is impotent and powerless."	male
Bloom went on to write his thesis on Isocrates. 	" Grene recalled Bloom as an energetic and humorous student completely dedicated to studying classics, but with no definite career ambitions."	male
"After the dentist takes Lavonia to the dental room, his nurse Flovilla kisses Lamar. "	 The doctor then switches places with the nurse.	male
"However, during this period he also became closely associated with the Christian Patriot movement on the right, and spoke at conferences sponsored by Christian Identity pastor Pete Peters. "	 Gritz is the author of three books.	male
"Today, the ordinary uniform for male undergraduate students consists of a plain white shirt with long or short sleeves and black (or dark blue) trousers. "	" However, a black tie with a silver phra kiao pin is usually used by upperclass student in some faculties."	male
"Seriously interested in joining pro sumo, Nakamura was interviewed at a number of stables before graduating, and upon finishing university, he joined Miyagino stable. "	 Nakamura became an attendant and apprentice to yokozuna Hakuhō.	male
"The album drew heavy influence from Flowers' hometown of Las Vegas, Nevada, and earned Flowers a Q Award nomination for Best Male Artist (2010). "	 It became Flowers' first top ten single in the UK as a solo artist and was certified silver by the BPI.	male
"As Patriarch of Venice, Scola put Summorum pontificum into effect. "	" Scola is the author of numerous theological and pedagogical works on topics such as bio-medical ethics, theological anthropology, human sexuality and marriage and the family, which have been translated into several languages."	male
"In 2006 he became Associate Professor at Istanbul Bilgi University, and in 2008 Professor of Turkology at the Institute for the Near and Middle East of the University of Munich. "	" Neumann is the author, publisher and translator of several books on the subject."	male
The Berlin Collection of Classical Antiquities in the Altes Museum contains the remnants of a series of his votive tablets. 	 Placing such an order with a potter and vase painter is likely to be unique in antiquity and is evidence of the high reputation of this artist.	male
"Five of Unaipon's traditional stories were published in 1929 as Native Legends, under his own name and with his picture on the cover. "	" They have been republished in their original form, under the author's name, as Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines."	male
"Although he has done boxing and mixed martial arts, he is mainly a football player, playing twice a week. "	" As an elementary and high school student, Cuenca played as a football varsity player for PAREF Southridge School."	male
"He delivered a paper at the First Migraine Symposium in 1966 on Migraine: from Cappadocia to Queen Square, combining his clinical interest with his love of history. "	" Critchley was a handsome and impressive figure, a superb speaker and a lifelong student of the human mind."	male
He was elected Member of Parliament for Berwick-upon-Tweed in 1951 where he served until 1973. 	 Lambton was made a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Defence (RAF) in 1970.	male
"As for the factory craftsman, his training under the apprenticeship system limited him to one phase in the production of glass. "	" This training could not prepare anyone to function as an independent artist, but only to serve as a cog in the industrial machinery."	male
"On arrival he discovered that Sykes was to replace Henderson as Commander of the Royal Flying Corps in the Field, making Sykes Trenchard's immediate superior. "	" Trenchard appealed to Kitchener, by then the Secretary of State for War, threatening to resign."	male
"The figure of the Wrathful Vajrapani (lit. vajra in the hand) brandishes the vajra, in his right hand, above his head. "	" The term is employed extensively in tantric literature: the term for the spiritual teacher is the vajracharya; one of the five dhyani buddhas is vajrasattva, and so on."	male
"The title page introduces the book as the history of King's-Place and other modern nunneries, with authorship by a monk of the Order of St Francis, and containing their [the nunneries'] mysteries, devotions and sacrifices, comprising also, the ancient and present state of promiscuous gallantry: with the portraits of the most celebrated demireps and courtezans of this period: as well as sketches of their professional and occasional admirers. "	 The modern nunneries the author describes are contemporary high-class brothels.	male
"When Birmelin retired in 1950, Buesgen was given Birmelin's post - a position he would hold for the remainder of his life. "	" Buesgen also actively worked as a piano, organ and voice teacher in Allentown, and served as organist and choirmaster for a number of local churches."	male
"However, his artistic expression has since focused almost entirely on the preservation of Mexican and Durango traditions. "	 Núñez's career as an artist has spanned over forty years.	male
His best known work is They Shoot Horses (2004) consisting of two videos each lasting seven hours and shown at the same time on different walls. 	 This is a record of a disco dance marathon staged by the artist with nine Palestinians in Ramallah.	male
"Before the marriage, Chagall had difficulty convincing Bella's parents that he would be a suitable husband for their daughter. "	 Becoming a successful artist now became a goal and inspiration.	male
"After the season, Zombo announced his retirement from the game. "	 Zombo is an accomplished artist who has worked on projects like the promotional issue of the City of Heroes comic book.	male
"In the United States, the song peaked at number 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart, the first hit for Presley since 1981, and extending his list of charted singles into the 21st century. "	" The sit-down sections of the special were a forerunner of MTV Unplugged, showing for the first time an artist in a casual setting."	male
Three of his stories have been adapted as episodes of the TV series Tales from the Darkside. 	 Outside of science fiction Kube-McDowell is the author of more than 500 nonfiction articles on subjects ranging from space careers to scientific creationism to an award-winning four-part series on the state of American education.	male
"In addition, as understudy to Kenneth Sandford, he often played Private Willis in Iolanthe, King Hildebrand in Princess Ida, Pooh-Bah in The Mikado, Sir Despard Murgatroyd in Ruddigore, Wilfred Shadbolt in The Yeomen of the Guard, and Don Alhambra in The Gondoliers. "	 Cook was also known for crafting the Japanese-style fans used by D'Oyly Carte and numerous amateur G&S societies for productions of The Mikado throughout the UK and abroad.	male
"After leaving the band, he ran a whole food shop for about five years. "	 Cullimore went on to become a journalist and author of over 120 children's books.	male
"Outside of men's curling, Ramsfjell and his sister Maia represented Norway at the 2018 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship. "	" As of 2019, Ramsfjell was a masters student in electrical engineering."	male
"While the opposing team's starting lineup is announced, the student section shakes newspapers, and after each name chants, So What Who Cares Who's He? "	" Each time an opposing player commits a foul the student section chants the number of fouls that player has, and every time a K-State player sinks a three-point basket, the announcer says the name of the player followed by for, and then the crowd echoes three!"	male
"In 1964 he became the first Executive Director of (as it was then) the Union of Liberal and Progressive Synagogues, now known as Liberal Judaism. "	" Brichto was also a prolific author, having written extensively in the Jewish and national press."	male
	" Shortly before the events of The Empire Strikes Back, Dengar works as an assassin and falls in love with the dancer Manaroo."	male
"As part of the war effort Blickensderfer converted much of his factory to produce munitions for the war, including a machine gun belt feed for the French government and 50 caliber machine gun mounts for aircraft. "	" With the brilliant chief engineer and designer gone, the company could not continue, and the heirs sold the company in 1919."	male
"In Panorama Developments (Guildford) Limited v Fidelis Furnishing Fabrics Limited [1971] 2 QB 711, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the knowledge of the managing director. "	 A company secretary routinely enters into contracts in the company's name and has administrative responsibilities that would give apparent authority to hire cars.	male
"He returned to France and died on 22 July 1877 in Poitiers, while caring for his father. "	 This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Wedd.	male
"Charles E. Dvorak of the C.A.A. then demonstrated his class, and from the 11-foot mark he competed alone, the other four men being tied at that mark. "	" After retiring from athletic competition, Dvorak worked over the next 35 years as a lawyer, apple farmer, civil servant, athletic coach and teacher."	male
"The eventual winner, Enguun Tseyendash, was selected from her team, Team Uka. "	 Uka is considered to be one of the most innovative modern artist in Mongolia.	female
She is an advocate for diversity in the STEM fields. 	 Gómez was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis as a doctoral student.	female
"She had 11 pupils, which included her five younger brothers. "	 The first school year was brought to an end when a heavy rainstorm flooded the building and sent the teacher and pupils fleeing to higher ground.	female
"In August 2019, she was elected secretary-treasurer of the SAG-AFTRA union. "	" Manheim was elected to the secretary-treasurer position with 16,047 votes."	female
"Settling in Utica, New York, her father became a traveling salesman. "	 Mengers entered the talent agency business in 1955 as a receptionist at MCA.	female
"Several reviewers have argued that her understanding of the scientific method is questionable, and that her explorations of epistemology at times leave her texts virtually meaning-free. "	" This is a book that contradicts itself a hundred times; but that is not a criticism of it, because its author thinks contradictions are a sign of intellectual ferment and vitality."	female
"As a practicing landscape architect, McSherry is known for connecting her designs to specific places and for work in watersheds. "	 McSherry is also recognized as a teacher.	female
"During the 2001 Miss Star Hellas pageant she won the title Miss Hellas (Greek: Miss Ελλάς) and was chosen to represent Greece at the Miss World pageant which was held in Sun City, South Africa; 93 contestants participated. "	 Aside from being a model Valentini is also a dress designer.	female
"She received 11,588 votes (23.36%), finishing second against Bloc Québécois incumbent Louis Plamondon. "	" Poirier is a teacher at the Université du Québec en Outaouais, and is a former vice-president of the New Democratic Party in the riding."	female
By 1989 Daulne had spent several years singing in Brussels in jazz cafes when she decided to create a group to merge the cultures of her life and in 1990 founded the group Zap Mama. 	 Daulne couldn't work as a solo artist.	female
The college was originally intended to provide instruction in the arts and humanities for women. 	" Its pedagogy, modeled on the tutorial system of Oxford University, combined independent research projects, individually supervised by the teaching faculty, and seminars with low student-to-faculty ratio--a pattern it retains to the present, despite its cost."	female
"She also played in chamber ensembles, and her Ofelia quartet was chosen to perform in the final concert of the master class course given by the Amadeus Quartet. "	" Still a student, Brava acquired substantial orchestral experience."	female
Golding was born in Blaenau Ffestiniog in 1881 and her family then moved to Hay on Wye. 	 Golding trained as a nurse.	female
"Like Lev Gumilev, she was a student of Mikhail Artamonov, although she discarded many of the former's theories as mere speculations. "	" Pletneva is the author of numerous books on Eurasian nomads, particularly the Khazars."	female
"She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for her performance. "	" Lumley, who has one of the most recognised voices in the UK, has gained prominence as a voice-over artist."	female
We were two artist girls who didn't have our business together. 	" Jovovich further explained, I'm an artist."	female
"She is a divorced single mother with two children who lives in Pont-de-l’Arche, Normandy. "	 Levavasseur is a trained nurse's aide.	female
It was ranked second-best prep school in the United States and best all-girls school by Forbes in 2013.[citation needed] A 2019-20 survey concluded that Brearley was the second-best girls school in the country and the fifth-best private K-12 school in the country. 	 Students of color represented approximately half of the student body.	female
"She states that reading good writing can lead to creativity, so she picks up books if she is ever stuck so she can think of where she wants her books to go and how to get them to go in that direction. "	" Kirkus Reviews attributes the author with writing the novel in a lyrical manner while integrating historical events, however, it is relentlessly and explicitly brutal [that] it runs the risk of numbing, or perhaps exhausting, the reader."	female
Hoshino's illustration involving Allen often have threads related covered with threads as she aims to show the fact that he is not only related to the fact that he is always associated with God as well as the fact that he is bound to exorcise Akumas. 	" During production of the first anime adaptation, the author often visited the TMS Entertainment studio, where the voice actors requested advice about their characters."	female
"In 1970, two years after the beginning of China's Cultural Revolution, Liu was sent to Huairou, a small village in the Beijing countryside, where she lived and worked among the local villagers from 1968 to 1972. "	 As a student Liu's art education had strict limits; the constrained and academic style which students were forced to emulate has been likened by Liu to paint-by-numbers.	female
Initially the girl was panicky but she eventually calmed down when she realized that her situation was safe. 	" Flooding therapy is not for every individual, and the therapist will discuss with the patient the levels of anxiety they are prepared to endure during the session."	female
She studied German studies at the University of Warsaw (1985–1988). 	 Kozryra received a Paszport Polityki award in 1997 as the most promising artist in Poland.	female
"Lavigne, who wore some of the clothes and jewellery from her line at various concerts before its official launch, pointed out that she was not merely licensing her name to the collection. "	 I actually am the designer.	female
"She also took courses and started to work as food analyst, starting to become involved in the process of food production and dinner organizations for her events. "	 This year Suzuki has also ventured as a designer.	female
Albers was inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame in 1994. 	" Albers was a designer who worked primarily in textiles and, late in life, with printmaking."	female
Inagaki specialized in the Edo period and taught Sugiura how to do the background surveys that would later ensure the historical accuracy of her manga and other works. 	" Sugiura was the assistant of Murasaki Yamada, a prominent feminist manga artist."	female
"She first came to public attention with her poem The Factories, which treated the subject of child labor. "	" Schauffler was an author and cellist who published widely on poetry, travel, culture, and music."	female
"She had three sisters, Amy, Lovisa, and Wilhelmina, as well as one brother, Vitalis. "	" The family moved to Uppsala in 1860, where Segerstedt trained as a teacher at Klosterskolan (Thengbergska school) in 1861."	female
She wrote for the New York Evening Post until 1928 - the first woman to serve as music critic for a New York daily newspaper - and gave guest lectures throughout the 1930s. 	 Samaroff developed a course of music study for laymen and was the first music teacher to be broadcast on NBC television.	female
"In the 2006 election, she again faced off against Wallace, losing to him by 2,570 votes. "	 Torsney was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of the Environment from 1998 to 2000.	female
"The report released on 26 October 2011 explained that Winehouse's blood alcohol content was 416 mg per 100 ml (0.416%) at the time of her death, more than five times the legal drink-drive limit. "	" Winehouse's record label, Universal Republic, released a statement that read in part: We are deeply saddened at the sudden loss of such a gifted musician, artist and performer."	female
"Mälk was born in Tallinn and began her studies at the Tartu Art School in 1977 and graduated from the Estonian Academy of Arts in 1986, studying under professor Leili Kuldkepp. "	 Between 1986 and 1993 Mälk worked as a freelance artist.	female
Since May 2017 she has been Professor of Holocaust Studies at Goethe University Frankfurt. 	" Steinbacher is the author of several works on the Holocaust, including Musterstadt Auschwitz: Germanisierungspolitik Und Judenmord in Ostoberschlesien (2010) and Auschwitz: A History (2005)."	female
"Vivian sent her baby daughter, accompanied by her nursemaid, Consuela Strohmeier, to Montreal aboard the Donaldson Atlantic Line's SS Athenia, which was sunk by a German submarine on September 3, 1939 with a loss of 118 passengers. "	 The child and the nurse survived.	female
"In Britain, historically many nurses expected to leave work after getting married and into the 1960s senior nursing posts were disproportionately likely to be held by unmarried women. "	" Nurse training also had a very high drop out rate, in part related to students leaving to get married (in addition to rejection by some of the strict discipline imposed on them)."	female
It centers on an inquisitive girl who is carefully molded by society to become an obedient bride. 	 This book was the result of ten years of researching the life of the photographer and political activist.	female
She also unsuccessfully tried to open the rear right door that was jammed  	" Finally, another flight attendant succeeded in opening the rear left door allowing several passengers to be evacuated before the fire propagated itself."	female
Her other mentors at the school included Jan Tschichold and Paul Klee. 	" After just a semester at the school, Söre Popitz left the Bauhaus, entering the workforce as a designer in Leipzig instead."	female
"She retired from Erlangen and moved to the University of Debrecen, in Hungary, in 2001, but died on 19 December 2001, shortly after starting her new position there. "	 Cofman was the author of:	female
The reception of Clara Viebig's work was interrupted during the Nazi era because of her marriage to a Jewish publisher. 	" Since the end of the 1980s, the author's works have experience a deserved renaissance - even in the Eifel region."	female
"Bradley was at that time approaching the end of her life; she died in 1999, the same year that the third book of this trilogy was published. "	 This Darkover chronology uses the time period designations first provided by the author as A Readers Guide to Darkover in The Heirs of Hammerfell (1989).	female
"The extended play, as well as her previous one, helped further draw interest in Voegele as an artist. "	" That same year, Voegele's song Only Fooling Myself won the Pop category of the 2005 USA Songwriting Contest, the youngest artist ever to win the honor in any category."	female
"However, the Librarian sadly admits that she believes the Ur-Didact to be beyond redemption. "	 The Librarian spares humanity from extinction after their war with the Forerunners.	female
"I wrote about a wet nurse because I'm fascinated with the idea that no matter how 'civilized' we've become, we still need this very primal function; also, wet nursing was the more honorable way for a woman to make a living from her body. "	 Its protagonist is a wet nurse whose breasts provide an unending supply of milk.	female
	" Unbelievable voice, great dancer and so very beautiful."	female
Soon after World War II she traveled abroad to Paris. 	 A 1960 solo exhibit in Zagreb was the first time an American artist had mounted such a show in Yugoslavia.	female
"In the early stages of her career, she produced some beautiful woodcuts for Cassell's Magazine, which her husband edited, and for Good Words. "	 Haweis was also an author.	female
"She created costumes for La Traviata at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York (1998), at the Teatro de la Maestranza of Seville in Spain (1999) and later in Rome (2007) and Messina (Teatro Vittorio Emanuele, 2018), always directed by Zeffirelli. "	 Gaetani has been very active also as a costume designer for ballet.	female
She joined a gang for protection; she also studied ballet and began working in the theater by the age of eleven. 	 Franceschi was cast as a dancer in the 1978 film Grease.	female
"While inebriated, she made vicious remarks about the other women, and instigated a major confrontation with Kyle Richards and Faye Resnick. "	 DuBois is the author of four books dealing with mediumship.	female
"Returning to the area of her upbringing, in April 2014, Solis formally announced a campaign for a seat on the non-partisan Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. "	" As Supervisor, Solis successfully lobbied the state to allocate funds for the Exide battery plant cleanup."	female
"Maria Lea Carmen Imutan Salonga, OL, (/ˈleɪə səˈlɒŋɡə/; born February 22, 1971) is a Filipina singer and actress, best known for her roles in musical theatre, for supplying the singing voices of two Disney Princesses (Jasmine and Mulan), and as a recording artist and television performer. "	 Salonga is the first Filipino artist to sign with an international record label (Atlantic Records in 1993).	female
"Although Rau is still a German citizen and spoke some German at home, at school and elsewhere she spoke English. "	 Rau attended an art school and worked in hospitality before taking a job as a flight attendant with Qantas.	female
"In 2009, the show and Garten were once again nominated for Daytime Emmy Awards in the categories of Best Culinary Program and Best Culinary Host, and Garten won her first Emmy in the latter category. "	" Garten was reportedly awarded the most lucrative contract for a culinary author to date, signing a multimillion-dollar deal for multiple books."	female
"T. Rogers, is a widely praised dramatization of the previously unheralded role of Juul and her husband, and others, in developing the back-channel communications that (reportedly) saved the Oslo negotiations from collapsing. "	" During the first cabinet Stoltenberg, from 2000 to 2001, Juul was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs."	female
"Helena de Kay Gilder's best known work was cited as her figure pictures, 'The Young Mother' and 'The Last Arrow' by The Art Amateur. "	" Gilder contributed to the art world by helping to organize the Arts Student League in 1875, and co-found the Society of American Artists in 1887 which provided primary younger classically artists with the opportunity to be a part of an alternative association."	female
"Between 1998 and 2003, she taught the Social Psychology of Prejudice at the Human Rights Department at the Central European University. "	" Göncz was appointed Political State Secretary of the Ministry for Health, Social and Family Affairs responsible for civil co-ordination in 2002."	female
"Brava was offered a recording contract by EMI in 1997, and she worked under the EMI Classics label from 1998 to 2002. "	" The album peaked at number 14 on the UK Classical Chart, and Brava became the biggest selling Finnish classical artist at the time."	female
"During the same year, Pausini released her first Spanish-language album, Laura Pausini, a compilation of ten adapted versions of hits from her previous albums, issued by Dro Records. "	 Pausini was the first non-Spanish artist to achieve this result.	female
"Her mother was Czechoslovakian, while her father was Polish. "	" After high school, Belokosztolsky trained as an opera singer and ballet dancer."	female
"Somayeh's mother believes her daughter is a shy girl, and the MEK member have threaten people like her. "	" The MEK has published a letter on Albanian media 2018, introducing Somayeh as its author."	female
"The 11th century Vishnu temple at Trikodithanam, and the Kidangur Subramanya temple, have several sculptures of female dancers in Mohiniyattam pose. "	" The 16th century Vyavaharamala by Nambootiri contains the first known mention of the term Mohiniyattam, in the context of a payment to be made to a Mohiniyattam dancer."	female
She was Che Guevara's first wife. 	" Gadea Acosta was Secretary of the Economy of the Executive National Committee for Alianza Popular Revolucionaria Americana (APRA, American Popular Revolutionary Alliance)."	female
"One of those was Geertruida (Truus) Meuleman, who lived on the same street as Peaux and was the daughter of the rector of the local gymnasium. "	" Meuleman was educated to be a teacher, and the two shared a love for Scandinavian literature and landscape."	female
She is an accredited teacher for the American Film Institute and S.A.G. 	" Conservatory, dance teacher and fitness consultant."	female
"In it, students described her as a teacher who really communicates with the students and who, without any complaints . . . has stayed late, worked nights, and with quiet efficiency supported her staff in their monumental task. "	" After retiring from teaching, Cook became a novelist."	female
"Her personal papers were preserved after her death by her editor, literary agent, artistic collaborator, and lover Djuna Barnes. "	" The collection contains correspondences, visual poems, and other artistic/literary works by the artist."	female
"However, Carey expressed in several interviews that due to the strenuous nature and the sheer difficulty of her songs, she feared a tour with back-to-back shows would not be possible, aside from the long travel times and constant travel. "	" During this time period in music, it was traditional for an artist to release a studio album every two years in their prime, allowing the singles to fully promote the album through airwaves, as well as television appearances."	female
"After retiring from active competition, Cheryl married her wife Kalen Curtis on February 28, 2014. "	 Haworth is also an artist and has a sold a number of paintings for hundreds of dollars.	female
"In 1967 she got a postgraduate from the National Academy of Sciences, in 1980 a doctorate and has been a university professor since 1988. "	 Is the author 200 scientific works and collaborated in near 40 inventions for Chemistry and Perfumuery industries.	female
"In January 2008, she authored Not My Child; Contemporary Paganism & New Spirituality. "	 The book discusses the author's view that casual occultism permeates youth culture and suggests tips for parents as well as classroom lessons.	female
"She has spent her political career representing her home state of Minas Gerais, having served in the chamber of deputies from 2015 to 2019. "	 Prior to becoming a politician Muniz worked as a medic and teacher.	female
The night nurse is tied up and Hinton pretends to be her while the others go to the operating theatre. 	 The nurse arrives before any real damage is done.	female
"She is Professor Emerita of English at the University at Buffalo, where she taught from 1974 to 2000. "	" Kahane is the author of Passions of the Voice, a study of narrative and the strategies of hysteric discourse."	female
"(Originally female flight attendants were fired if they reached age 32 or 35 depending on the airline, were fired if they exceeded weight regulations, and were required to be single upon hiring and fired if they got married.) "	" Also in 1968, the EEOC ruled that sex was not a bona fide occupational requirement to be a flight attendant."	female
"In 2017, McHardy co-organised an event with Susan Deacy and Katerina Volioti for the Women's Classical Committee UK on 'Bullying and Harassment in UK Classics Departments: Finding Solutions'. "	" McHardy is the author of Revenge in Athenian Culture (Bloomsbury, 2008); and has co-edited the following four volumes:"	female
"The all-women peer culture formed at women's colleges allowed students to create their own social rules and hierarchies, to become each other's leaders and heroes, and to idolize each other. "	" The practice of smashing involved one student showering another with gifts: notes, chocolates, sometimes even locks of hair."	female
"She is a professor in the Division of Electrical, Electronic and Information Engineering, at Osaka University. "	 Miyaji was born in Osaka Prefecture and became interested in mathematics as an elementary school student after learning of the Epimenides paradox.	female
"She is a professor of psychology at Florida Atlantic University, where she directs the Language Development Laboratory. "	 Hoff is the author of a popular textbook Language Development.	female
"At age six, she appeared in her first commercial for Mama Celeste Pizza. "	" Patts attended Pasadena Alternative School and, while a student, was appointed to a student trustee's position on the Pasadena Board of Education."	female
"Author and critic Robert Greskovic describes a common understanding of her gifts, Nowhere near the beauty and exemplar of her art that Pavlova and Spessivtseva were, Bronislava Nijinska (1891–1972) instead began to make her mark as a choreographer. "	 Nonetheless Nijinska must have truly excelled as a dancer.	female
One of her first projects at Adobe was Trajan. 	" As a designer, Twombly closely studied historical scripts for inspiration in creating digital fonts."	female
"In December she was invited to Garsington Manor, the home of Russell's then mistress Ottoline Morell, and there encountered Clive Bell and other Bloomsbury Group members, and in 1917 she introduced Russell to Dora Black who would later become his second wife. "	" From 1917 Wrinch was funded by Girton College as a research student, officially supervised by G.H."	female
"This is a book full of vaporous, French-intellectual prose that makes Teilhard de Chardin sound like Ernest Hemingway by comparison; but that is not a criticism, because the author likes that sort of prose and has taken lessons in how to write it, and she thinks that plain, homely speech is part of a conspiracy to oppress the poor. "	" This is a book that clatters around in a dark closet of irrelevancies for 450 pages before it bumps accidentally into its index and stops; but that is not a criticism, either, because its author finds it gratifying and refreshing to bang unrelated facts together as a rebuke to stuffy minds."	female
"Leger Eberle (April 6, 1878 – February 26, 1942) was an American sculptor known for her energetic, small bronze sculptures depicting poor immigrants on New York's City's Lower East Side. "	" As an artist, Eberle had strong beliefs and felt a need for artists to create politically and socially conscious works of art that reflected current issues."	female
Her combines images that range from her life in Laos that include ancient large stone jars with burial sites to portraits of the elderly. 	 The artist's image backgrounds range from empty studio back drops to plastic flowers.	female
"In 1668, plays by women began to be staged in London. "	" The performance ran for six nights, which was regarded as a good run for an unknown author."	female
"Addressing this, the art historians Rose-Marie and Rainer Hagen suppose that the donor is imagining that she has entered into his house. "	" The attendant dressed in a festive outfit is by a later artist, perhaps it was added after the donor's marriage."	female
"She is most famous for her invention of the Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), which is fundamental to the operation of network bridges, while working for Digital Equipment Corporation. "	 Perlman is the author of a textbook on networking and coauthor of another on network security.	female
"In 2020, she announced the establishment of a publishing company, Bumblehill Press. "	" As an artist, Windling specializes in work inspired by myth, folklore, and fairy tales."	female
Vos and her sister Elly were separated from their parents during this period (relating to her book Hide and Seek). 	 After the war Vos became a kindergarten teacher.	female
"She then enrolled at St Mary's University College, a third-level college for women established by the Dominicans in 1893, to study modern languages (in her case, French and German). "	 This led to a career as a teacher in Eccles Street and an examiner in the Intermediate Certificate examination.	female
"As early as the late 1820s and early 1830s, she and her sister began opening infant schools in northeastern Ohio. "	" After obtaining a degree from Oberlin College in 1840s, Cowles began a formal career as a teacher."	female
"Due to her father's wide recognition in the music industry, legend artist Mohammed Abdel Wahab gave Angham the copyright of his track Basbosa (Cute Girl) to remake it in her new debut record. "	 Angham was the first artist from the 1980s to be given a song from a legend artist.	female
"By personalizing her online activity, creating an experience, engaging, and providing exclusivity to her fans through social media marketing, Lady Gaga was able to achieve incredible levels of success with her music career. "	" This amount depends on the level of development the band or artist is at and the experience, networks and resources of the manager."	female
She was department chair from 2015 to 2018. 	" Rivière is the author of the book Discontinuous Galerkin methods for solving elliptic and parabolic equations: theory and implementation (SIAM, 2008)."	female
"Eu was elected Secretary of State of California in 1974, becoming the first Asian American woman ever elected to a state constitutional office in the United States. "	 Eu was elected Secretary of State five times.	female
She is Playboy's Playmate for October 1994. 	" Zdrok is also a non-practicing attorney, a clinical psychologist and sex therapist."	female
"Unlike the heroine of the novel, she did not survive, but is commemorated in the church. "	" According to the preface, the work is a romance and not a historical novel, because the author neither dares, nor desires, to claim for it the dignity or cumber it with the difficulty of an historical novel."	female
"Chambers has a keen interest in poetry and literature which began in childhood, with her father encouraging her deep love of the English word. "	 Chambers is an author of historical novels.	female
It is no longer her job to pass on information to the students - a body of knowledge to be learned and assimilated. 	 The teacher’s role is mainly that of a facilitator.	female
"Akhras' father found employment with an Israeli construction firm and was able to build a three-story concrete house, where Akhras and her four brothers and six sisters were raised. "	 Akhras was a straight-A student and had hopes of attending college and becoming a news reporter.	female
"Splendiano asks the merchant to replace the dancer with Djamileh, while being certain that she will soon be his. "	" Veiled, Djamileh enters in the dancer’s costume and, shy and nervous, makes to leave."	female
In 1986 Pelletier composed and recorded her first album Premier Contact which received a nomination as Discovery of the Year at the Félix Awards. 	" This was followed by 150 performances and some music videos, establishing Pelletier's career as a Quebec artist."	female
"I am so afr(aid) that S.I. (governess Sofia Ivanovna Tyutcheva) can speak ... about our friend something bad, Anastasia's twelve-year-old sister Tatiana wrote to their mother on 8 March 1910. "	 I hope our nurse will be nice to our friend now.	female
It wasn't until Ringwald began dipping her toes into slightly more adult roles that she lost her footing. 	 This movie dared to suggest that even a popular honors student is capable of making wrong decisions that result in life-changing consequences.	female
"She was subsequently was also commissioned to create temporary and permanent public art installations for the Washington Projects for the Arts, the Northern Virginia Fine Arts Association (NVFAA), the Humanities Council of Washington, D.C., Howard University, and the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture. "	" Whether seen as cosmic or botanical, the artist’s circling compositions exalt natural cycles."	female
"The revision of her fame and status as an author began in the early decades of the 18th century and led to manifest defamations in the 19th and early 20th centuries: she became seen as a scandalous female author who, some critics audaciously asserted, did not deserve to be ever read again. "	" Later critics, however, looked back on the conclusions of Richetti and others were short-sighted and perhaps even outright misogynistic and more reflective of their era than of general historic scholarship on the author as an important political satirist."	female
On her paintings the strength of cold and warm colours appears to be equal. 	 The diary entries register all the artist's speculations in connection with the making of the painting.	female
"When performed by a female artist, these types of stunts sometimes involve aspects of the damsel in distress archetype, although with the damsel rescuing herself rather than waiting for a hero to come to her aid. "	 The artist uses illusion techniques to re-appear unharmed.	female
"She is the daughter of the socialist politician, vice president and minister of Salvador Allende José Tohá, who was killed during the Chilean dictatorship (1973–1990). "	 Tohá entered politics in 1984 as a leader of the University of Chile student federation (Fech).	female
"In Taxation and Innovation in the 20th Century she analyzes the impacts of individual and corporate income taxes on individual inventors, firms that do R&D, and on innovation at the state level in the U.S. throughout the 20th century. "	 Stantcheva has made numerous appearances in the media both as an author and a speaker.	female
Potter once wrote that she often failed to capture the charm and spontaneity of an original sketch when she was forced to copy it for publication and suggested that the original be used during the publication process instead. 	 Potter also suggested the picture of the empty till be removed from the manuscript but it remained where it was and the artist worked up another illustration of the subject.	female
"However, her earnings are not enough to grant her a livelihood, so she is forced to keep other professional activities concomitantly with football. "	" Antunes is a graduate in physical education and works as a teacher at the Universidade de Fafe in Fafe, Portugal."	female
"After she was hired by the court, she continued to perform with the family ensemble until Settimia's marriage and resulting move to Mantua caused its breakup. "	" Caccini served the Medici court as a teacher, chamber singer, rehearsal coach and composer of both chamber and stage music until early 1627."	female
"Working with photographer Bob McMurtry on the series, Hamilton shot photographs of herself wearing constructed objects like her toothpick suit. "	" The artist used $7,500 worth of pennies to cover a large portion of the gallery floor stuck to the surface by a thin coating of honey."	female
"The 20th century cookery writer Elizabeth David considers that it is plain to me that she is reporting at first hand, and sometimes with an original and charming turn of phrase; the television cook Fanny Cradock provided a foreword to a reprint of The Art of Cookery in 1971, in which she praised Glasse and her approach. "	" Craddock found the writing easy to follow and thought Glasse an honest cook, who seemed to have tried most of the recipes in the book."	female
"She began law school at University of California, Hastings College of the Law, before eventually receiving her Juris Doctor from the University of Utah. "	" Before becoming a public official, Achtenberg worked for more than 15 years as a civil rights attorney, nonprofit director, and legal educator."	female
"Depending on the local ordinances, these shots may involve some erotic part of the body of the shooter girl, typically her cleavage, in the delivery. "	" Dancers may also be required to generate a certain number of drink purchases per shift and as part of their rounds, the waitstaff may ask customers if they would like to buy a drink for the dancer seated with them."	female
"She cut her first record, I'm a Honky Tonk Girl, in February 1960. "	" 1 hits, out of 70 charted songs as a solo artist and a duet partner."	female
"This depiction of her likely caused some critics to perceive her simply as a young, decorative model who was working with an older established male painter. "	 Gonzalès was Manet's only formal student and also modeled for several members of the Impressionist school.	female
"Gough lives and trains in Calgary, where she attended high school with other top athletes, at the National Sport School. "	" Currently, Gough is an engineering student at the University of Calgary."	female
"However, she was part of the Soviet national team that set a team world record of 1152 in this discipline in 1985. "	 Ashumova is a teacher at the Azerbaijan Institute of Physical Culture in Baku.	female
"In 1995 she wrote and illustrated a monograph, Old Marks, New Marks, with an essay by Carolyn Radlo, linking her practice to ancient mark making. "	" This inspired a series of paintings and an artist's book, Scratching the Surface: a visit to Lascaux and Rouffignac, which prompted an invitation to revisit Lascaux."	female
"Sofia Shinas (born January 17, 1968) is a Greek Canadian singer, songwriter, actress and director. "	 Shinas entered the entertainment industry as a recording artist and later pursued acting.	female
"As feminism began to take hold in the 1980s, it became common to hear that Many secretaries resent the 'office wife' syndrome, referring to being asked to do such things as paying personal bills for a boss, picking up everything from dry cleaning, or dusting the office. "	" I'm getting paid as a secretary, said one secretary."	female
She concluded the article with her verdict: There was a consistency in her selection of subjects  	" The choice of colours, selection of gradation of hue, which explicitly used more-or-less the same tonality in all the works, revealed the story of artist’s unfaltering and inquisitive mind."	female
"After the release of her Kiesha'ra Series, Atwater-Rhodes revealed that the first four novels she wrote, In the Forests of the Night, Demon in My View, Shattered Mirror and Midnight Predator, were part of the Den of Shadows series. "	" The book is set in and around the author's home town of Concord, Massachusetts and in the realm of Nyeusigrube."	female
"When Vera discovers this, she argues with the woman, who then turns up, inspired by Vera. "	" They agree to both pose nude for the artist, but on condition that they would be buried as normal."	female
"In late 1947, he married Olga Naumova (1901–1978), Natalie's niece. "	 Naumova had lived with the couple and acted as their secretary for 18 years.	female
The students in the program were admitted as a group when Chicago and Schapiro were hired at Cal Arts after Chicago found that the Fresno State College Art department was reluctant to embrace her vision of a new kind of female centered art. 	 It was their intention to teach without the use of authoritarian rules or a unilateral flow of power from teacher to student.	female
"Back in Brazil, she concentrated on the founding of the country's first large-scale Braille publishing press. "	 The educator also turned to the regulation of education for the blind.	female
She can also apparently release a blast of paralytic energy through physical contact without any visible effect. 	 The Asp is also an accomplished dancer with superb muscular control.	female
"I was in tears, shaking, she told the faculty. "	" The student's plea, offered as evidence in support of the school's speech code, instead struck an unintended chord helping to destroy it."	female
The wife would also need to maintain certain household style that indicated a wealthier lifestyle. 	" There are assumptions such as that every house would have, at least, a housekeeper and multiple children."	female
"The only time her name appeared on the ballot was the federal campaign of 1925, when she received 84 votes. "	 As a music teacher Sharp was gifted.	female
I imagine she immediately dashed off a biography of Harry after he defeated Voldemort. 	 It has been speculated that the fraught relationship between Rowling and the press was the inspiration for the author to develop the character.	female
"Returning three days later, she had no memory of where she had been or what she had done and she was again physically punished. "	" Five years later, Beaubier's application to become a teacher of history and geography at the school was accepted."	female
"In February 2008, Vissi signed to Maple Jam Music Group for the management of the release of her upcoming Greek and English albums. "	" Vissi was the most nominated artist with thirteen music videos, and managed to secure the number one position with Treno, while Agapi Ipervoliki came in at number four when the top 30 were announced."	female
The image of a nurse depicted by the media is typically of a female being over-sexualized as well as diminished intellectually. 	 The over-sexualized nurse is commonly referred to as a naughty nurse and is often seen as a sex symbol or nymphomaniac.	female
"Sheryl Munks (born 1965) is an Australian actress, best known for her role in television serials and made for television films. "	" A former dancer of classical ballet, jazz ballet and tap, as well as a dance instructor."	female
"She is also known for her long-running television exercise show, Morning Stretch. "	 Greggains is a former school and physical education teacher.	female
"The author previously had translated existing works and wrote her own books, including novels. "	" The author conducted interviews, including of Kawashima's relatives who were still alive."	female
"In 1979 she was invited to the Netherlands where her pictures were exhibited in different museums and galleries in Deventer, The Hague and Rotterdam for the duration of one year. "	 Çokay worked 17 years as a teacher for art and art history in high schools and spent ten years giving private painting lessons in different gallery studios.	female
Here she met many artists and musicians and became interested in dance. 	" Post trained as a teacher, and went to work in a small town in Massachusetts."	female
She also studied music at Ankara State Conservatory (1985-91) and photography at The New School in New York (2008-9). 	" The artist's Broken series uses ceramics to transform the products of mistakes, accidents, and even disasters, into products of success."	female
"She was a student of Chinese art, literature, and sociology. "	" Ayscough was a lecturer on Chinese art and literature and was the author of eight books on Chinese history, culture, literary criticism and translation."	female
"In 1981 and 1991 she made a tour in Washington, USA. "	 One of the popular songs by the artist was Nakhshun Bajin.	female
Her dissertation was Regaining Control over Cloud and Mobile Data. 	" As a graduate student, Geambașu led the Vanish project for handling self-destructing data."	female
"During the 1948 tour of England, he was reported to have unnerved his teammates and tempted fate by bringing a toy duck into the dressing room, and held up play during a county match by hiding the ball in a pile of sawdust. "	" It was after midnight, but Hassett asked the driver to stop at a random mansion along the road."	male
It's like he's had it – it ain't no fun no more. 	" The curse part of it is the business you have to deal with, and then the blessing part is you get to be a musician and have fun…"	male
"Pozzo was one of two delegates sent to the National Assembly in Paris to demand the political incorporation of Corsica into France, and was subsequently one of the Corsican deputies to the Legislative Assembly, where he sat on the benches of the right until the events of August 1792. "	" Under the new constitution Pozzo was elected procureur-general-syndic, that is, chief of the civil government, while Paoli commanded the army."	male
After Bayer he was the CEO of Treofan Group. 	" Prior to Neste, Vanacker was the CEO and Managing Director of CABB Group GmbH from 2015 to 2018."	male
"In the 1976 film The Last Hard Men, actor Charlton Heston portrayed Captain Sam Burgade, a retired Captain of the Arizona Rangers who pursues the ruthless outlaw who has escaped from prison and kidnapped Burgade's daughter for revenge. "	 Burgade had been the arresting officer for the crime that sent the outlaw to prison.	male
Army officers forced him to relocate with his people to a small camp close to the Pine Ridge Agency. 	 Here the soldiers could more closely watch the old chief.	male
"One of the Mhuruuks who was not slain was Orini, son of Olnar, being just an untrained boy. "	 Eventually Orini became the chief disciple of Dormammu.	male
"It was thought that he was used to driving without a speedometer and so had misjudged his speed on the approach to Lincoln, entering a 15 mph curve at around 55 mph. "	" The driver had also evidently been inattentive because the home signal near the curve was not cleared until the train was almost at it, yet it passed the signal at around 60 mph."	male
Lie joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after receiving his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. 	 Lie was editor-in-chief for Det 20de Aarhundre ('The 20th Century') from 1919 to 1921.	male
Krohg's style made him a leading figure in the transition from romanticism to naturalism. 	" Krohg was the founding and editor-in-chief of the Kristiania Bohemian journal, Impressionisten from 1886 until 1890."	male
"The son of a French wine importer and his German wife, Claude Dornier was born in Bavaria where he grew up and attended school, with science being his chief interest. "	" As a young engineer, Dornier first worked on strength calculations at the Nagel Engineering Works in Karlsruhe."	male
"Kozlov unexpectedly shows up at the worksite wearing an expensive suit, the result of having been appointed chairman of the labor union council. "	" Pashkin, who is now Kozlov's driver, tells the group that the peasants in a nearby village are looking to collectivize their farms."	male
"There he handled a large number of corporate finance deals, including the bidding for UMTS licenses in Europe for Telefónica, totaling more than US$15 billion. "	" The firm in which Hayek was CEO, split into two entities in 2006 following Hayek's departure to join the Lebanese Government under Prime Minister Siniora."	male
A Soleil Securities alternative energy analyst cut Xethanol's rating to Sell-target $1.53 from Hold-target $10 after he became disillusioned by the response from Xethanol. 	 The analyst had been trying to obtain information from Xethanol for institutions interested in investing.	male
"Moreau studied this product according to his travels between 1837 and 1840 in Egypt and Syria, and Asia Minor. "	 This book was the first written by a scientist about a drug.	male
"Upon his return from China, he attended the prestigious Army War College, and afterward held a series of intelligence and staff positions. "	" At its beginning, Peers was the assistant deputy chief of staff for special operations."	male
In 1972 he was awarded the Soviet honorary title of Hero of Socialist Labor. 	 Rudenko was one of the chief commandants of NKVD special camp Nr.	male
"Having studied metallurgical engineering, he graduated with distinction from the Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys in 1986. "	" After graduation Fridman worked as a metallurgical design engineer in Elektrostal Metallurgical Works, a state electrical machinery factory, from 1986 to 1988."	male
"Gabriel Józef Narutowicz (Polish: [ˈɡabrjɛl naruˈtɔvit͡ʂ]; 29 March 1865 – 16 December 1922) was a Polish professor of hydroelectric engineering and politician who served as the first President of Poland from 11 December 1922 until his assassination on 16 December, five days after assuming office. "	" A renowned engineer and politically independent, Narutowicz was the first elected head of state following Poland's regained sovereignty from partitioning powers."	male
"While still a student in the sixth year of composition, Vicente Emilio Sojo commissioned an orchestral suite from him. "	 It was with this composition that Estévez premiered as conductor in the same year.	male
"Bayles (pronounced 'Bay-Less') is known for his work with bands such as The Classic Crime, Isis, Soundgarden, Pearl Jam, Botch, Mastodon, Minus the Bear, Burnt by the Sun, and Norma Jean and as the keyboardist for American indie rock band, Minus the Bear. "	" Eventually moving on to engineering country demo sessions with session musician, Bayles learned the ropes of the recording studio."	male
"Ten years later, he was to have been included in one of the spy exchanges at Berlin's Glienicke Bridge but chose to remain in Poland and spent the rest of his life as a painter and faith healer in Warsaw, where he died. "	 Pawlowski was born in Warsaw in a family of a car mechanic and studied law at university there.	male
"Blume studied mathematics at Trinity College and pursued postgraduate study in finance at the University of Chicago, where he completed a master's degree and doctorate. "	" Blume was chief editor of the Journal of Finance from 1977 to 1980, and also served as editor of the Journal of Financial Economics, The Journal of Portfolio Management, and The Journal of Fixed Income."	male
He is close friends with Harley's father.[vol. 49:extra] His Japanese voice actor is Masato Sako and Shinji Ogawa while his English voice actor is Doug Burks. 	" Otaki is the head inspector of the Osaka district, and good friends with Heizo Hattori and Ginshiro Toyama."	male
Cantwell reminisces about the past while Renata (an 18-year-old countess with whom Cantwell spends the last days of his life) lives in the present. 	 Cantwell is a character in opposition: a tough soldier yet a tender friend and lover.	male
"Julia's suspicions regarding Macrinus' involvement in the death of Caracalla led to her championing the case of her grandson, Elagabalus, as the rightful emperor. "	 At the time Elagabalus was the chief priest of the Phoenician god Elagabal in Emesa.	male
"He also studied conducting under Erich Kleiber, and Karl Muck. "	" Konoye co-founded the Japan Symphonic Association in 1925, and the following year became conductor of the orchestra."	male
"From 1961 until his retirement in 1989, Truesdell was professor of rational mechanics at Johns Hopkins University. "	" Truesdell was the founder and editor-in-chief of the journals Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis and Archive for History of Exact Sciences, which were unusual in several ways."	male
In minutes he preempted any possibility of violent resistance from hard-line priistas. 	 It was an act of electoral integrity that will forever mark the mild-mannered economist as a historic figure of Mexico's peaceful transition to democracy.	male
"Under section 50(1) of the Police Force Ordinance, a police officer can apprehend (i.e. arrest) a person if he reasonably suspects the person being arrested is guilty of an offence. "	 Whether there is such a reasonable suspicion in a particular case is to be determined objectively by reference to facts and information which the arresting officer has at the time of the arrest.	male
"Firemen were in practice often engineers-in-training, learning the skills of train operation and assisting the engineer with the observation of signals and other routine aspects of his job performance, waiting for a job opportunity for promotion. "	" It was the conductor, not the locomotive engineer, who was most comparable to the captain of a ship."	male
"In fact, Alfredo Griffin of the Toronto Blue Jays scored the winning run in a game, yet his consecutive game streak ended as he appeared only as a pinch runner. "	 The pinch runner may remain in the game or be substituted for at the manager's discretion.	male
"He has spent his political career representing Pernambuco, having served as state representative since 2011. "	 Before entering politics Coutinho worked as a civil engineer.	male
"Johannesen also set a total of four world records over the course of his career, the most famous of which was his 15:46.6 on the 10,000 m at the 1960 Olympics. "	" Beside skating, Johannesen worked as a carpenter and later ran a gas station."	male
"Five years later, he was dismissed from the State Department after Joseph McCarthy accused him of being a Communist. "	 The former Foreign Service officer challenged the dismissal in court.	male
Two years later Jallud assumed Gaddafi's remaining administrative and protocol duties to allow Gaddafi to devote his time to revolutionary theorizing. 	 Gaddafi remained commander in chief of the armed forces and effective head of state.	male
"Since the architect has a deep involvement in the success of a project, he must perform his work under a clearly defined contract. "	" Under this contract, the architect and the owner are under the obligation of the contract and must abide by it."	male
He also served as first president of the Calgary Medical Society. 	 Lafferty retired from the practice of medicine in 1909 but served as a hospital inspector from 1909 until 1918 (or possibly later).	male
"After surviving several more hazards, he reaches the coast. "	" Here, after passing the final resistance base and an Antlion-infested beach, Frohman encounters an Antlion Guard, which is killed by a Vortigaunt, an alien race helping the humans in the game."	male
"In mid April 1908, he was promoted to General of the Artillery; he was also appointed commander-in-chief of the Kiev Military District later in early December. "	" At the beginning of the First World War, Ivanov was appointed commander-in-chief of the Southwestern Front."	male
"In 1403, he was ordered to write a compilation of every subject and every known book of the Chinese. "	" Xie was appointed chief compiler of this encyclopedia, later named the Yongle Encyclopedia, and completed it by 1408."	male
"At 15, he joined the Royal Australian Air Force as an apprentice motor transport fitter. "	" After ten years as an enlisted airman, McDonald was accepted for pilot training and commissioned as an officer in 1989."	male
"Over a 15-year period beginning in the mid-1980s, he served as communications director for Amnesty International USA, Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Children's Defense Fund. "	 Fulwood was chief media strategist for Human Rights Now!	male
Twice during his time at this school Constantin won a prize as the best mathematics student in Belgium. 	 At this stage Carathéodory began training as a military engineer.	male
"Valuable time was lost when the train manager refused to stop the train until he had investigated the problem himself, saying this was company policy. "	" This decision was upheld in court, absolving the train manager of all charges."	male
In the summer of 2013 he replaced Thomas Maale as manager of the club. 	 Following a successful first season as manager Krogh was hired as manager of Næstved BK in the summer of 2014.	male
"Alongside his communications management roles he specialised in crisis management and counterterrorist issues, and his final posting was to create and lead Britain's civil crisis management unit and the government's communication specialists. "	" After working as a trade and local news journalist, Granatt joined the civil service in 1979 as an information officer."	male
"Toth's association with the group began when he was working at a Boston Borders Books; The mother of Vertical Horizon's lead singer and guitarist Matt Scannell, was shopping in the bookstore and asked Ed for a Vertical Horizon CD, which he had listened to and quite enjoyed. "	" Toth went to the show as the manager's friend; and when the band had an opening for a drummer, Toth auditioned for the spot."	male
"At 60, he became one of the oldest rookie managers in baseball history when he was appointed skipper of the 1942 Phils, in the midst of the longest streak of futility in their history. "	" Counting two losses as an interim manager in 1938, Lobert's career managerial record was 42–111 (.275)."	male
"He, along with his team, discovered natural antisense RNA. "	" Inouye was also a key scientist involved in the discovery and characterization of retrons, which are retroviral-like elements found in various bacterial genomes."	male
Per's father Hauk Aabel played the starring role as Jeppe; it has been extremely unusual in Norwegian cinema for a son to direct a film with his father in a leading role. 	 Jeppe is a poor farmer who drinks too much.	male
"While the security officer makes his way far into the citadel, Battle Group Seven of the Pfhor fleet arrives and engages Durandal's ship. "	 The security officer is abruptly teleported to help hold back boarding parties while Durandal teleports all remaining Human and S'pht crew to a stronghold on the planet's surface.	male
He is a former chairman of the Hong Kong branch of Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. 	" After holding the post, Leung became an honorary advisor for the local governments of Shenzhen, Tianjian and Shanghai on land reform."	male
"A graduate of the École des Hautes Études Commerciales, he received his MBA from Columbia Business School where he was a Fulbright scholar. "	 Perraud was executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) of Schlumberger.	male
"From 1959 to 1962 he read engineering at Keble College, Oxford, and then began his career as a designer at consultants Rendel, Palmer and Tritton. "	 Sainsbury also worked as project engineer and later as project director on the construction of the Natwest Tower which was completed in 1980.	male
"Afterward, while looking for a stream from which to obtain water with a friend, he discovers from the commanding officer that his regiment has a lackluster reputation. "	 The officer speaks casually about sacrificing the 304th because they are nothing more than mule drivers and mud diggers.	male
"Craig Shakespeare took over as caretaker manager, and in his first match in charge, Leicester won 3–1 against fifth-placed Liverpool, with Vardy scoring a brace. "	" Following two impressive results and initiating the type of positive response that we hoped change would bring, the club's owners then decided Shakespeare would become the club's manager until the end of the season."	male
His father died in 1916. 	 Nussbaum first worked as a laborer for the Truck Company and at a box company in that same year.	male
"The engine driver, who had never driven the route before (but had been over it with excursion trains when a fireman), objected to these instructions, saying that his instructions were that the train was to be of thirteen vehicles at most. "	" Two other witnesses said that the driver had asked for a second engine if more carriages were added and had been refused by the station master, as none were available; the driver (in supplementary evidence given through the railway company's officers) denied this."	male
"In response to the captain's inquiries, the first officer replied that he did not see the runway. "	 The landing gear was raised and the first officer announced that the flight was executing a missed approach.	male
"About 1856, he led his people in relocating to the Omaha reservation in what is now northeastern Nebraska. "	 LaFlesche served as principal chief until 1888.	male
"According to Heller, he told Wright, Every dollar comes into Ruthless, I take twenty cents. "	 That's industry standard for a manager of my caliber.	male
He won his sole Railway Cup medal in 2005 as Munster defeated Leinster by 1-21 to 2-14 in Boston. 	 Mulcahy was appointed manager of the Cork Institute of Technology senior hurling team in 2011.	male
"On March 9, 2018, he announced he was leaving BioWare once again to pursue his independent work. "	 Karpyshyn was at one point employed as a loan officer.	male
"On 10 March, in worsening weather and with his own supplies dwindling, Cherry-Garrard turned for home. "	" Atkinson would later write, I am satisfied that no other officer of the expedition could have done better."	male
In July 2007 he successfully completed the final part of the UEFA Pro Licence course and joined a group of only 111 coaches holding the game's top qualification. 	" Later in the 2004–05 season, Onuora became a coach and youth development officer at Swindon Town."	male
"Pushing on with his battalion towards the Marne, his troops eventually took 1,500 prisoners and captured in excess of 30 field guns and machine guns. "	" Promoted to hauptmann (captain), Ravenstein was posted to the Imperial Guard as a battalion commander."	male
"Still suspicious, Koenig quizzes him on Earth history to confirm his identity as a human being. "	" The scientist gives all the correct answers, down to the winner of the 1998 World Series."	male
"Schwartz started his career in 1987 at McKinsey & Company in New York City, focused on serving consumer products and financial services companies.[citation needed] In 1989, Schwartz left McKinsey and moved to Chevy Chase, Maryland, where he was a co-founder of Lighthouse Design, a company focused on building software for NeXT Computer, Inc. "	" Eventually, Schwartz became chief executive officer of Lighthouse."	male
"Finally he encounters a derelict street musician, the first and only instance in the cycle in which another character is present. "	" The mysterious and ominous nature of the musician, along with the question posed in the last lines, leave the fate of the wanderer open to interpretation."	male
"In March 1987, he was appointed Politico-Military officer for the U.S. "	 Rocha also has served as Deputy Principal Officer of the U.S.	male
"In 1865, after 15 years of service as an officer, Luitenant Tan Tjoen Tiat was raised to the rank his father-in-law had held, that of Kapitein. "	" This mayoral elevation went against existing tradition, which favoured the longest-serving Kapiteins from long-established officer families, and thus showed the confidence in which the colonial government held the new Majoor."	male
Ziri ibn Manad or Ziri son of Mennad (died in 971) was the founder of the Zirid dynasty in the Berber world. 	" Ziri ibn Mennad was a chief of the Takalata branch of the Sanhajah confederation, to which the Kutama Berbers belonged."	male
"McGavin was born in Paisley, Ontario, son of James McGavin, a saddler born in Catrine, Ayrshire, Scotland[citation needed] and Elizabeth Wright, born in Glasgow Scotland, daughter of James Wight and Jean Malcolm.[citation needed] He came to Manitoba in 1877. "	" McGavin was appointed a health officer in 1903, with a stipend of $40 per annum."	male
A recruitment target of approximately one thousand soldiers is desired to eventually form a 757-man battalion. 	 Soldier fallout usually occurs due to voluntary withdrawal or failure to meet training standards.	male
"By his first wife he had a son, David, who now lives at The Hague, the Netherlands.[citation needed] His second wife, Muriel McClure (1915-1994), a well-known writer, was born in California. "	" Beadle's chief hobbies were rockclimbing, skiing, and gardening."	male
"Once the ruffian shoots his air gun, scoring a direct hit on Holmes's dummy across the street, Holmes and Watson are on him, and he is soon disarmed and restrained. "	" They are led by Inspector Lestrade, who arrests the gunman."	male
A hockey player and his friend Jay MacDonald were inspired to bring a team to St. 	" Pilous would be coach & general manager of the team, and MacDonald would be secretary & treasurer."	male
"Governor King recommended he take the office permanently despite his inebriate habits, for no other person in the colony was at all equal to that office and the salary, then about (Pounds)350 with the benefit of several assigned servants and land grants, was insufficient inducement. "	 Atkins remained the colony's principal legal officer for years.	male
"In the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s, he worked with The Soft Machine, Savoy Brown, Ten Years After, King Crimson and Led Zeppelin. "	 As engineer unless otherwise specified:	male
"Rutte resigned from his position in government in June 2006 to return to the House of Representatives, and he soon became the parliamentary leader of the VVD. "	 Rutte was campaign manager for the 2006 municipal elections.	male
"Before his death, he was the partner of Dennis Rakestraw. "	 Dunlow has been an officer for over twenty years.	male
He named Gutfeld his successor. 	 Zinczenko became editor-in-chief in 2000.	male
He took the stage name Robert T. Odeman when he began his career as an actor and musician. 	" After training to become a carpenter, Odeman studied classical piano, successfully performing throughout Europe for several years as a pianist."	male
"In 1999, he was awarded the Order of the Palmetto by then-Governor Jim Hodges. "	" Gustafson continued to conduct occasional programs at BJU until 2010, as well as remaining active as a conductor of high school all-state choirs and orchestras and conducting church choir clinics."	male
"Simonson told the president in his 2006 resignation letter that he had accomplished what he had set out to do, and it was time to pursue other opportunities. "	 Simonson served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to bioterrorism and other public health emergencies.	male
The first driver found that a fault with the Automatic Warning System (AWS) prevented the brakes from releasing (a recurrence of the previous day but the whole system had not malfunctioned since December 1996) so he isolated (disabled) it at 06:00 but did not report the failure to the signaller and to Railtrack  	" The train driver passed two warning signals (a double yellow followed by a single yellow) without slowing the train down, and only reacted by applying the emergency brake when the red danger signal came into view."	male
"Hazheev is a career soldier, and studied first at the Suvorov Military School in Sverdlovsk, then at the Tashkent Higher All-Arms Command School, where he graduated in 1963, and finally at the Frunze Military Academy in Moscow. "	" From 1983 until 1986, Hazheev served as chief adviser to the Soviet military mission in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam."	male
"After his basic military service in 1975, he graduated at the Theresian Military Academy. "	" from 1988 to 1991, Commenda was the chief instructor of tactics at the National Defense Academy."	male
Code built a large woollen mill at Carleton Place in 1871; he was forced to close it due to financial difficulties in 1878. 	 Code joined the federal Ministry of Internal Revenue as an Inspector of Weights and Measures in 1880.	male
"In 2005, he argued that drivers deserved a further fifty-cent increase per ride to cope with soaring fuel costs. "	" Following the murder of a taxi driver by a passenger, Moscoe commented that drivers live a very dangerous existence, adding I would venture to say their job is more dangerous than a police officer."	male
"The Hasidim then asked the Rebbe's daughter Malka and her husband, Rabbi Dr. Menachem Mendel Brayer, a teacher at Yeshiva University, to offer one of their two young sons to be groomed for the position. "	" The elder, Yigal, an aerospace engineer, was suggested and then rejected."	male
"As an independent project, in 1969 he founded the magazine m - The Magazine For Men. "	 Burda assumed the role of sole shareholder and CEO of Burda Holding in 1987.	male
"After winning the Serie A Footballer of the Year Award later that month, Buffon hinted that he could possibly play for Italy again, stating: I took a break from the national team. "	" With the way I am though, both for Juventus and for the national team I have always considered myself a soldier, so I could never desert a possible call in the future if needed."	male
"The priest is spirited to the past by Pazuzu to observe Merrin exorcising a young boy, Kokumo, in Africa. "	 Kokumo has become a scientist studying how to prevent locust swarms.	male
"After his Athletics won the 1972 World Series, Williams again led them to victory in the 1973 Series over the New York Mets. "	" Nobody had ever won World Series as a manager in both leagues, thus ensuring that the winning manager of the 1984 Series would be the first to do so."	male
"A short time after the episode aired, the producers received a letter that was written by the family of one Felix Reese, who himself was a taxi driver who was shot in the head by Leslie Grantham (the actor playing Col. Mustard) while the future star of EastEnders was a soldier stationed in Germany. "	 The Reeses found it distasteful that someone who performed an illegal killing as a soldier would be cast as someone who performed an illegal killing as a soldier.	male
"Byrnes began his talk show on March 23, 2011. "	" As of 2013, Byrnes also works as an analyst for select Pac-12 Network baseball games."	male
In 1945 he moved to Lübeck. 	 Kühnert's most active period as an architect was in the 1920s.	male
"As of 2009, his total live tournament winnings exceed $2,300,000. "	 Fitoussi also works as an architect and plays the stock market.	male
"Kotzen would later be expelled from the band following the world tour, after it was discovered that he had been romantically involved with the fiancee of drummer Rikki Rockett. "	 Kotzen would later claim that being in Poison helped me forget I was a musician while Rockett would lament the loss of the band's original attitude	male
Vovos (Greek: Αρμόδιος Άρης Βωβός; born 21 October 1964) is a Greek businessman. 	 Vovos is a rally driver and was president of Maroussi Basketball Club.	male
"In November 2014, a resident of Accomack County, Virginia, produced video evidence that two workers in a van marked with a PETA logo had entered his property in a trailer park and taken his dog, who was then euthanized. "	" The trailer park's manager had contacted PETA after a group of residents moved out, leaving their dogs behind, which is why the workers were on the property."	male
"After he and the others escaped Planet Doom, went to the Castle of Lions on Planet Arus, where they met Princess Allura and Coran and were designated as the Voltron Force. "	 Hunk is a mechanic and Voltron Force member.	male
"He obtained leave of absence in 1898 to inquire into methods of teaching electrical subjects in Europe, but on his return resigned his chair as from 31 December 1898, as circumstances had made it necessary that he should live in England. "	" Threlfall now became a consulting engineer and established a high reputation as an electro-chemist, combining chemical insight with the aptitude of an engineer."	male
"LePointe, while riding a limousine with local health officials, is attacked by two infected crewmen who use a jackhammer through the vehicle door and drag the driver out to feed on him. "	" The other official and LePointe, forced to leave their driver behind, escape by driving in reverse."	male
"Sensing that it was unsafe for him to remain in Germany he emigrated to the United States in 1936, where he became professor at the University of California, Berkeley. "	 Goldschmidt was the first scientist to use the term hopeful monster.	male
"The conductor arrives (speaking Italian but with an affected German accent), proving theatrically critical of the ensuing performance quality and equally quarrelsome with trade union representatives on site, wearing down the orchestra members as he commands them to play with exceedingly particular nuances bordering on absurd abstraction, leading several musicians to strip away clothing under the strain of this taxing effort. "	" Protesting the conductor's authoritarian abuses, the union reps intervene, spitefully announcing that all musicians will be taking a 20-minute double break."	male
"During one rally in the United Kingdom, he needed a spare part and happened to find a brand new Saab 96 on a parking lot. "	 The co-driver managed to defuse the situation by explaining that Carlsson was a factory driver for Saab and the owner would be given a new car.	male
"From 1926 to 1930, he was the Minister of Labour, and became known as Peter the Peacemaker for settling 160 labour disputes in his first three years. "	 Heenan still found time to work as a locomotive engineer when the House was not in session.	male
"From 1951 to 1955, he taught at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah. "	 Skousen was a well-respected police chief for nearly four years.	male
"After taking a hiatus (2001-2009) from film and dramatic television, he returned in 2009 as attorney Alvin Potter for Robert Townsend's Musical Theater of Hope. "	 Franks came to television as a youth performing on variety shows as a musician and singer.	male
"Faced with a wave of sell orders and needing to raise money for redemptions, the manager of an open-ended fund may be forced to sell stocks he would rather keep, and keep stocks he would rather sell, because of liquidity concerns (selling too much of any one stock causes the price to drop disproportionately). "	" But an investor pulling out of a closed-end fund must sell it on the market to another buyer, so the manager need not sell any of the underlying stock."	male
"Secrist, son of J.S. "	" Secrist, volunteered as the construction manager with all other laborers volunteering their time as well."	male
He lived for about 10 years in the South of France where he built yachts. 	" Huggett was reported to have been an intelligence officer, who from 1989 ran a school for children in Hampshire."	male
A cunning forest officer denies that the tiger entered his range and sketches a plan to capture it and sell it to buyers. 	" The reason why the forest officer planned to capture Thumbaa is because it does not have the tracker, whereas all other tigers in the forest are being monitored."	male
"Although Prichard was a contemporary of Potter's (he was about eleven years her junior and in his twenties when the incident took place), Potter's tailor is shown as a little old man in spectacles, with a pinched face, old crooked fingers, and the action of The Tailor of Gloucester takes place in the 18th century. "	" Potter sketched the Gloucester street where the tailor's shop stood as well as cottage interiors, crockery, and furniture."	male
He is the co-founder and CEO of Vivaldi Technologies. 	 Tetzchner is also a co-founder and the former CEO of Opera Software.	male
"While Bandem is well known for his creative directing in monumental works in Balinese performing arts, he also masters the Gagaku and Bugaku, the classical Japanese music and dance that he learned from his teacher Matsaro Togi, a national treasure of classical Japanese dance. "	" Furthermore, Bandem is also a culture engineer."	male
"Voyager is based on the 1957 novel Homo Faber by Swiss author Max Frisch, who wrote the novel as a reflection on his country's complex role during World War II. "	" The main character shows some resemblance to Frisch, a frustrated architect turned author."	male
"There was then an argument between Dibdin and Harris over payment for the work, with the result that Dibdin instead embarked on a project to construct the Royal Circus, (afterwards known as the Surrey Theatre) for mixed entertainments of various kinds, he planning to form a combination of the stage and an equestrian ring or hippodrome. "	" Several parties including the landowner advanced the funds and became proprietors, and Dibdin was appointed sole manager for life, to receive a quarter of the profits."	male
After Antoine Arnauld's death in 1694 Quesnel was generally regarded as the leader of the Jansenist party; and his Réflexions morales sur le Nouveau Testament played almost as large a part in its literature as Jansen's Augustinus itself. 	" As its title betokens, Quesnel's book was a devotional commentary on the New Testament, wherein Quesnel managed to explain the aims and ideals of the Jansenist party better than any earlier writer had done; and it accordingly became the chief object of Jesuit attack."	male
"A founding member of Transparency International, he is on their advisory council and served as the first chairman of TI-Latin America. "	 MacLean-Abaroa has served as a consultant and advisor on governance and anti-corruption issues to different international organizations and governments.	male
"Popp was educated at Friedrich-Alexander-University (FAU), Nuremberg, where he studied electrical engineering from 1975 to 1981 and obtained a graduate Diploma. "	 From 1985 to 1990 was Popp development engineer for digital circuits on board-level.	male
"At about 1:30 a.m. on the day of the explosions, the company called an inspector and informed him that there had been some leakage from the facility. "	 The inspector visited the site and checked for vapors on some nearby streets but did not notice a serious problem.	male
"According to his Stasi documents, his friendship with the painter Kurt W. "	" From 1980, Geißler worked as a freelance composer and conductor."	male
"Robert Carson was portrayed in a numismatic roman à clef, The Coin Collectors (1997), by his friend and colleague the Belgian Pierre Bastien. "	" The chief curator was tall, with blond hair, and an angular face brightened by piercing eyes."	male
He served as Minister of Agriculture from 1912 to 1913. 	 Enge was a farmer by profession.	male
"Prior to his entry in provincial politics, Fournier was the defeated candidate of the Liberal Party of Canada in Châteauguay in 1988 and was also involved in the leadership campaign of Paul Martin for Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada in which Jean Chrétien eventually won. "	" Before the Quebec Liberal Party took power in the 2003 election, Fournier at various moments served as the chief whip of the official opposition, critic for Canadian intergovernmental affairs, as well as critic for health."	male
"According to IDEAS/RePEc, he ranked 185th in September 2018 in terms of research among 54 233 registered economists (i.e, among the top 0.4%). "	" Remarkably, the same farmer shows diminished cognitive performance before harvest, when poor, compared with after harvest, when rich."	male
"Since the driver, 31-year-old Michael Hodder, had been killed in the collision, it was not possible to establish why he had passed the signal at danger. "	" However, Hodder was inexperienced, having qualified as a driver two weeks before the crash."	male
"He was buried on 19 March 1879 at Harrogate Cemetery, now known as Grove Road Cemetery, in section D, plot 324. "	" By 1841, Shutt was an architect lodging in Southwark."	male
He finished his playing career with Cork Alberts. 	 Tambling also briefly served as manager of Cork City during the 1984–85 season.	male
The driver saw Duggan move onto the road in front of him. 	" The car swerved from the inside lane to the outside, but the driver said Duggan leapt in front of the car, arms raised and mouth open."	male
"The final series of Superteams was duly won by 'Watersports' (a team representing swimming, water-skiing and diving) which was led by Olympic swimmer Robin Brew who excelled at running events and also in the gym tests, where the bar jump became his speciality. "	" The RAF officer then completed a successful first year in Superstars by becoming the last ever International champion, this time much more comfortably."	male
"Gambill has also raised money for his long-time friend Sir Elton John's charity, the Elton John AIDS Foundation. "	 Gambill's high-profile career as a professional athlete has evolved into coaching world-class tennis players as well as being an international analyst for BeIn sports.	male
His gallantry had enabled his comrades to overcome twice their own number of the enemy. 	 Donnini at 19 was the youngest soldier in the Second World War to be awarded the VC.	male
"George Dickerson, a former South Bend, Indiana television news anchor (but actually born in Huntsville), served as the only general manager in WLRH's entire history from its 1976 inception until his retirement in early 2007. "	" It is believed that Dickerson's tenure was the longest ever for a manager of an American public radio station (and perhaps all public broadcasting), exceeding 30 years."	male
"After brilliant conduct in the artillery, he has proven the highest qualities of courage by attacking numerous balloons and has shot down four. "	 Officer of the highest value; pursuit pilot of heroic bravery.	male
It is still incredible to me that he actually brought the orchestra through to the end. 	" The extensive press coverage of the incident made Monteux at age thirty-eight, truly a famous conductor."	male
"According to director Nicholas Meyer, writing in his autobiography, The View from the Bridge, Saavik was dropped from the film and Valeris created when Kirstie Alley proved unwilling to reprise the role, while Leonard Nimoy, in his autobiography I Am Spock, said there were also second thoughts about casting a popular, established character as a villain. "	" Saavik, however, does appear in the novelization of the film, as a recruiting officer who inspires Valeris to join Starfleet, and offers some insights on how to deal with a dual heritage."	male
McCallister was Tris Speaker's primary assistant during his years as player-manager (1919–1926). 	 McCallister became manager after Speaker's sudden resignation in late 1926.	male
Isakov broke away from teaching with the onset of the Winter War and entered active service; he coordinated not only the movement of naval warships in the Baltic Sea but also the ground forces of the Red Army in the Soviet war against Finland. 	 From 1941 to 1943 Isakov was the chief of the Main Maritime Staff.	male
"During his career, he was a three-time MLB All-Star. "	" After retiring as a player, Kruk became a baseball analyst for ESPN."	male
"When Bjerknes' grant ended, he was hired by Otto Pettersson as his main assistant at the Swedish Hydrographic and Biological Commission. "	 Pettersson is the chief scientist of the Commission's research vessel fleet.	male
He also served in that chamber's party leadership as the Senate Democratic Caucus Secretary from 2005 to 2010. 	 Albertson is a singer-songwriter and musician that has toured in 26 countries.	male
"He sees the only possible resolution of the paradox as lying in the embrace of quantum logic, which he believes is not inconsistent. "	 This from a physicist's point of view is the meaning of the empirical nature of these laws.	male
Air Marshal Ahmed Shafik received the highest medals and merits during his service. 	" As a young officer, Shafik served as a Mig-19 and Mig-21 fighter pilot and was later appointed as fighter air squadron commander."	male
"Retaining his post as a teacher at the Berlin conservatory from 1875, he had among his pupils Frank Damrosch, Joaquín Nin, Ernest Schelling, Joaquín Turina, Carl Lachmund, Bernhard Pollack, Ernst Jonas, Wilhelm Sachs, Helene von Schack, Albert Ulrich and Johanna Wenzel. "	" Moszkowski then travelled successfully throughout Europe with the reputation of being an exceptional concert pianist and brilliant composer, having also gained some recognition as a conductor."	male
"The discs now increase his physical attributes in geometric progression to numbers of victims wearing slave discs, and he was able to control the actions of all persons wearing the discs. "	" The Controller is a highly skilled chemist and mechanical engineer, with a college degree in chemistry and electrical and mechanical engineering."	male
"Later, she received a Doctor of Philosophy in International Health Studies from Queen Margaret University, in Edinburgh, Scotland. "	 Ssali is an experienced social scientist with a long track record in the field stretching back to the late 1990s.	female
She was president of Iḷisaġvik College from 2005 to 2010. 	 Grinage has worked as campaign manager and previously was the owner of a of a publishing business.	female
Oramics was also the name used by Oram to refer to her studio and business interests generally. 	" The musician drew shapes on the film to create a mask, which modulated the light received by photocells."	female
Mmanthatisi then decided to disengage her army and retreated with her hordes to the east. 	 This made Makaba the first Tswana chief to repulse the formidable Mmanthatisi army.	female
"From there she attended the Victoria University of Manchester where she studied medicine, one of the earliest female doctors to be trained there. "	" Schill had a long career as a practising physician, as a general practitioner, medical officer for a number of educational establishments and as a psychiatrist."	female
She tends to accidentally break things by crushing them. 	 Sakakibara is the Manager of Human Resources at the Good Trading Company.	female
"Under this practice, if a shrine slave died or ran away, the family was required to replace her with another girl. "	" At the beginning of the 19th century, Nyigbla became the chief Anlo deity, and its shrines also began to demand slaves for its services."	female
"Following the Quackenbush events and the term of the acting commissioner (during which period Ossias was assigned only minor cases, thereby appeasing insurers allegedly lobbying for her termination), John Garamendi was reelected Insurance Commissioner. "	" Under Garamendi, Ossias served as lead counsel/project manager in CDI's case involving the claims and business practices of the nation's largest disability income insurance holding company, UnumProvident Corp."	female
"One of the first people she was introduced to was her future manager, Bibsy Carballo. "	 Carballo became Fegi's manager for five years.	female
The Vital Voices Global Leadership Network connects thousands of women leaders who have participated in Vital Voices conferences and training programs around the globe. 	 Verveer served as Chair of the Board and Co-CEO until early 2009.	female
In 2003 she graduated from the Moscow State Academy of Instrument Engineering and Information qualified as an economist. 	" Prior to enrollment as a cosmonaut, Serova had worked as an engineer of the 2nd category for the RSC Energia, and in the Mission Control Center."	female
"Pastore started her career at the University of Oxford as a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Biochemistry, working alongside Iain Donald Campbell. "	 Pastore was subsequently appointed a staff scientist position at European Molecular Biology Laboratory in 1988.	female
"After receiving her MFA, Guzman returned to Apple and worked there for five years on projects including FaceTime, iMessage, and additional emoji sets. "	" As of 2020 Guzman is the CEO and founder of Tijiko, a company centered on digital coaching."	female
She is the only speaker in the Conference's 10-year history to be invited to speak more than once. 	 Hatchett has appeared on numerous media outlets as a guest commentator and legal analyst on national issues.	female
"She spent a year teaching and writing in Prague (providing the germ of her book of essays Time's Magpie, which explores her favorite places within the city), then moved to Brooklyn, New York, where she still lives with her husband (Jason Little) and two daughters. "	 Goldberg is an accomplished amateur musician.	female
"Wedderburn continued her antisubmarine vigil while the carriers she protected launched their aircraft first against Okinawa, then Formosa, and finally Philippine targets, striking enemy air bases on Luzon and the Visayas to give the United States dominance in the air over Leyte when the invasion began on 20 October. "	 Wedderburn continued to guard the fast carriers while they operated off the northeastern shore of Luzon providing distant air support for the Leyte invasion.	female
"She was the moderator and managing editor of Washington Week and co-anchor and co-managing editor, with Judy Woodruff, of the PBS NewsHour, both of which air on PBS. "	 Ifill was a political analyst and moderated the 2004 and 2008 vice-presidential debates.	female
She also finished 17th in the two-woman event at the 2005 FIBT World Championships in Calgary. 	 Gavine-Hlady also was awarded the track and field award for most improved coach.	female
Lale Akgün's Turkish family moved to Germany when she was 9. 	 Akgün then served in the Cologne city administration in juvenile welfare services/family consultation as the deputy agency chief.	female
Cao's first international debut was at the 2003 World Wushu Championships where she was the world champion in women's changquan. 	" Around this time, Cao became the coach of the Shandong Wushu Team."	female
"After the 2002 elections, she remained Vice Chancellor on a provisional basis until the coalition between ÖVP and FPÖ was renewed in early 2003, and has since had no involvement in politics. "	" Since 2004, Riess-Passer has been the CEO of the Wüstenrot-Gruppe."	female
She clerked for Justice Alan B. Handler of the New Jersey Supreme Court and has taught at University of Washington since 1996. 	" As of 2011, Ramasastry is a senior advisor in the International Trade Administration at the US Dept."	female
Pornthip is very proud of her work and that it ensures her a place in heaven. 	" Graduating from the Faculty of Medicine, Mahidol University, in 1979, Pornthip became a medical officer in the Ministry of Public Health."	female
"While in 1799, it is the father (Fenwick) who is the enlightened soul and his male friends are also scientists (Armstrong, the physician, and Roget, the to-be-author of the thesaurus), his wife (Susannah) is a stereotypical wife of the time and their two daughters (Maria and Harriet) are expected to be such, too. "	 The decision of one of them to become a scientist leads to disapproval.	female
"Lina Sarmiento (born 1958) is the first female third-level official of the Philippine National Police to receive and hold the rank of director, a rank equivalent to that of a major general in the Philippine military. "	" Before this post, Sarmiento was a chief superintendent."	female
"She spent four years working on international projects for Hasbro including Playdoh, Monopoly and Action Man. "	" Between 2011 and 2013, Singhal worked as a Senior Innovation Executive at Scottish Enterprise, before joining Mattel as a Project Quality Engineer in 2013."	female
The person sitting in the vehicle's passenger seat was caught by police putting a plastic baggie with syringes in her purse. 	" When paramedics arrived, they administered Naloxone to Morasca, who was physically combative throughout the process, biting a police officer's arm after having been placed in an ambulance."	female
"While working on her doctorate, Resnik switch jobs in 1974, and went to work as a research fellow in biomedical engineering at the Laboratory of Neurophysiology at the National Institutes of Health. "	" As a biomedical engineer, Resnik researched the physiology of visual systems."	female
"In 1982 she served at the Agency for International Development (USAID) based in Lima, where she was a consultant until 1987. "	 Karp also served as an officer for Middle East in European Investment Bank.	female
"Tatyana Sergeyevna Moskvina (also Tatsiana Siarheievna Maskvina, Belarusian: Таццяна Сяргееўна Масквіна; born 10 January 1973 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian-born Belarusian judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category. "	" Currently a permanent resident in Minsk and a naturalized Belarusian citizen, Moskvina trained under head coach and sensei M. Ramazanov for Dinamo."	female
She joined her school's choir club and broadcast theater club to hone her vocal skills. 	" After deciding to pursue a career as a musician, Halca considered various singing auditions."	female
"Before qualifying for the 1997 World Junior Curling Championships, she was never very interested in the sport. "	 Jentsch is employed as a soldier athlete.	female
"She studied European Studies at Maastricht University in the Netherlands, and then earned a LLM from the University of Edinburgh. "	 Andreeva then worked as a press officer for the Bulgarian commissioner.	female
"During an AAU basketball game, Gall tore her ACL and could not run outdoor track. "	" As a sophomore, Gall again started at point guard for GBHS and led the team to a conference championship."	female
"Among them, she has won an Academy Award, three Golden Globes, a BAFTA, an Emmy, two David di Donatello, and was the first-ever recipient of a Leopard Club Award, which honors film professionals whose work has left a mark on the collective imagination. "	 Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters.	female
"In Chicago, Jane Addams and her fellow members of Hull House endeavoured to clean up the mishandled waste in their area but their efforts were obstructed by the local council. "	 The council handled the issue by giving Addams the position of garbage inspector of the ward on a salary of one thousand dollars per year.	female
Whilst at university she became involved in student politics and was elected as the environment officer for the University of Melbourne Student Union in 2007. 	 Sandell worked for the Australian Youth Climate Coalition (AYCC) between 2009 and 2012 serving as general manager before becoming the group's National Director.	female
One of the most significant contributors of Garm was Tove Jansson who started her career in the magazine as a cartoonist in 1929 when she was just fifteen. 	 Over time the former became the magazine's chief illustrator.	female
"After the war, she continued her career at the Boruprokat factory. "	 Hasanova was the chief brigadier in 1970 and led four brigades at that factory.	female
"Hala Moddelmog (born January 3, 1956) became the first female president and CEO of the Metro Atlanta Chamber (MAC) in January 2014 following a career in the corporate and non-profit sectors. "	 Moddelmog has 19 years of career experience in president and CEO roles.	female
In 1989 she was inducted into the Swedish Curling Hall of Fame. 	" Apart from curling, Norberg was chief actuary at Nordea, and led a division at Folksam."	female
"As the first female chief minister of West Bengal, one of her first decisions was to return 400 acres of land to Singur farmers. "	" The cabinet has decided to return 400 acres to unwilling farmers in Singur, the chief minister said."	female
Harrower had an injury in 2012 to her Achilles and could not run on it for a while. 	 Harrower is a guard.	female
"As a coup de grâce, Tyrell kills the last surviving Echo and explains that Dr Tucker was taken for a reason: she has been genetically changed in order to become half-human, half-nD, an overseer for the nDs' latest crop – humanity. "	 The previously escaped NATO officer is running amok in the countryside.	female
"She participated in the 2013 London Marathon in aid of Age UK, the Deloitte Ride Across Britain from Lands End to John O'Groats, the Prudential London Triathlon, and a marathon row for cancer research. "	 Sotherton is a performance coach and specialises in running.	female
"Titre returned to EA Games in 2013, where she worked on Dance Central 3 and The Sims 4. "	" Around 2015, Titre started working as the manager of the art and computer animation department for Ubisoft."	female
"In September 2004, Exley scored after four seconds of a League Cup tie against Aston Villa from inside her own half. "	" Exley was top scorer for Doncaster Belles in the following two seasons, winning the manager's Player of the Year award in 2006."	female
"During the height of its industrial prowess Holyoke was a regular stop on Vaudeville circuits, with its most famous actress, Eva Tanguay, known as The Girl Who Made Vaudeville Famous. "	" Tanguay was soon discovered by a Pennsylvania touring company, and went on to become the first American popular musician to achieve mass-media celebrity."	female
The same year she met and married Felix Slatkin. 	 Aller also continued working as a Hollywood studio musician.	female
"In 1999, she defended her PhD dissertation, titled State Regulation of the tax system, at the Kyiv National Economic University and received a Ph.D. in Economics. "	 Tymoshenko has worked as a practicing economist and academic.	female
"After French and Saunders graduated from the Royal Central School, they decided to form a double-act called the Menopause Sisters. "	" The manager of the club recalled, They didn't seem to give a damn."	female
"While completing her graduate studies, Zuckerberg wrote a food blog called Sugar Mountain Treats. "	" Zuckerberg is the founder and editor-in-chief of the online journal Eidolon, which publishes texts about classics that are not formal scholarship."	female
They served as the Human Rights Campaign's National Coming Out Project Spokesperson for 1995 and was named one of Esquire's Women We Love and Women of the Year for Ms. magazine. 	" They are currently the Senior Manager of the Human Rights Campaign's Youth & Campus Outreach, as well as the Human Rights Campaign's HRC University Internship Program coordinator."	female
"She graduated from Beşikdüzü High School of Education at 1978, and moved to Istanbul with her family right after, where she studied architecture in Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University and graduated in 1978. "	" After graduating from university, Aktas worked as an architect, media consultant and journalist."	female
The farmer is paid against her declared payment entitlements that are each matched against an eligible hectare of declared land ('activated for payment'). 	 A farmer holds 102.00 payment entitlements.	female
"In 1976, Knottenbelt had her work featured in an exhibit entitled Destination: Europe at Optica Gallery. "	 Knottenbelt is a registered architect.	female
A Detroit police officer alleged that LeDuff's stories asserted that she moonlighted as a stripper and danced at a never-proven party at the Detroit mayor's mansion. 	 The officer denied both accusations.	female
"The investigation began with one Raymond James manager, who worked from an office in her Wisconsin home, handling approximately 700 accounts and selling mainly mutual funds and variable annuities. "	 The Wisconsin manager was accused of selling unsuitable aggressive mutual funds and variable annuities over a four-year period.	female
"1] She received 49 votes (0.12%), finishing sixth against Conservative candidate Steven Fletcher. "	 Sidon was an overhead door mechanic in the Transcona region of Winnipeg at the time of the election.	female
He subsequently cast her in his 1973 TV movie Planet Earth. 	" Muldaur was cast to play the role of Dr. Pulaski, the new chief medical officer."	female
"Adams married his wife, Mary, in the late 1970s. "	 The pair met when the latter travelled to the Northwest Territories to find work as a home economist.	female
"Founder Kathi Kamen Goldmark died on May 24, 2012, and the group disbanded a month later, following a memorial concert in her honor. "	 Goldmark was then a musician whose day job was in book publicity.	female
"She studied at the Cathedral and John Connon School in Mumbai and was head girl for the academic year 1992–93 before heading to Tufts University in United States to study Bio-genetic engineering, which she studied for two years, and eventually switching to Economics. "	 Patel's career began as an economic analyst at Khandwala Securities Limited after graduation.	female
"However, Trainer's response was that she was not going to pay for it (giving as one reason that she had no input in hiring the firm) and that all of council should take the training and that she had not decided if she would undertake the training if council would not join her (Best 2005f). "	 This behaviour clearly indicates a lack of competence as a manager and a definite lack of the required supervisory skills necessary to properly address the concerns identified.	female
"She reported that she briefed no go-around because no takeoffs were authorized on the runway at night or in IMC conditions; however, the first officer knew this was incorrect, but did not challenge the captain. "	 The captain said the first officer was passive and quiet.	female
"Despite her forensic skills, Monge's main work actually focuses on several topics including the preservation and accessibility of Computed Topography (CT) datasets, traditional radiology, human dental micro-anatomy, and production and distribution of high quality fossil casts. "	" As the Associate Director and Manager of the Casting Program, Monge oversees 3000 molds and casts representing fossils from every phase of human evolution."	female
"In 2016, she was elected as Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences. "	 Kattumuri is actively engaged in charitable activities as advisor and committee member with several global non-governmental organisations.	female
"One of the most dangerous species of scorpion, the Deathstalker (Leiurus quinquestriatus) resides in North Africa, and its sting may kill, so Serket was considered a highly important goddess, and sometimes she was considered by pharaohs to be their patron. "	" As the protector against venom and snakebite, Serket often was said to protect the deities from Apep, the great snake-demon of evil, sometimes being depicted as the guard when Apep was captured."	female
"After spending time in India teaching English, Allsopp returned to the UK and began a series of positions, working for Country Living and Food & Homes Magazine and her mother's business, Hindlip & Prentice Interiors, and studying at Christie's. "	" Allsopp was reported in 2008 and 2009 to be an advisor to the Conservative Party on housing matters, but has denied this."	female
"In May 2013 she was named weekend news anchor, and has hosted Israel's most viewed TV news broadcast since. "	" Weiss has also hosted the weekday evening news and other shows, and is currently the station's chief political analyst."	female
"The two remaining convicts begin to suspect the undercover cop, and threaten to kill the geologist if she doesn't reveal herself. "	" A fight ensues between the convicts and the undercover officer, assisted by the geologist."	female
"Since she is from an alternative universe (pre-Crisis Earth Two), kryptonite has no effect on her, but she is still vulnerable to magic. "	 Terrific as a first rate scientist.	female
Googe is known for her raucous style of bass playing in MBV's live performances. 	" After leaving MBV in 1995, Googe briefly became a taxi driver."	female
After her hockey career she completed a master's degree in Sport and Exercise Psychology and her doctorate in coaching expertise development from the University of Victoria. 	" Planella has worked at the National Coaching Institute and Canadian National Sport Centre, in performance psychology as an educator and strategist, performance analyst and coaching effectiveness researcher."	female
"In 1917, Shouse was able to utilize experience acquired through her undergraduate and her prior activist activities. "	 Shouse was hired as the assistant to the chief.	female
She was succeeded by her deputy Filippo Grandi. 	 AbuZayd worked as chief of mission for United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Sarajevo during the Bosnian War.	female
"Of Chrystal, Ogilvie has said: I was blown away by her personality, her voice, and the fact that she's a piano player. "	" I was dying to have someone to collaborate with, who actually is a musician and not just a singer."	female
"Instead, she has been perceived as a COO who avoids engaging in this crisis. "	" Sandberg, the architect of the business model that is now the subject of so much scrutiny, has remained silent in public."	female
"She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Geography from the Osmania University, Hyderabad and also obtained a Postgraduate degree in Economics from this university. "	 B Chandarakala is serving as an IAS officer from the year 2008.	female
"She is also the author of the book Worth It: Your Life, Your Money, Your Terms (2017, Simon and Schuster) Steinberg graduated from The Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania in 1995 and from Columbia College, where she was an urban studies major, in 1999. "	 Steinberg was first a computer programmer.	female
"She was educated at the University of Otago, where she graduated with a BA in languages and a Bachelor of Music (honours). "	 Marillier taught music at the high school and university levels and has also served as a choral conductor and opera singer.	female
"Lady Rosebery owned large investments in North America, including ranches in Texas and mines in Montana. "	 The newspaper went on to describe Rosebery as looking like a prosperous farmer.	female
"In 1977, she founded LaNier and Company, a real estate brokerage company. "	" For over 30 years, LaNier has worked as a professional real estate broker."	female
"She established a practice in North Kensington and was an expert on childhood enuresis (bedwetting) and an early believer in what would now be called socialised medicine.[citation needed] In 1911, Bentham was a driving force behind the establishment of a mother and baby clinic in North Kensington, founded by the Women's Labour League in memorial to Margaret MacDonald and Mary Middleton. "	" Bentham served as the clinic's chief medical officer, and benefactor, underwriting its expenses."	female
"She graduated from University of California, Davis with a Bachelor's degree in International Relations and French. "	" Dixson-Declѐve has previously been an advisor to members of the European Parliament, European Commission Presidents, and governments around the world."	female
Hutchins is the only female presenter of the series. 	 A singer and musician who plays the harmonica and the concertina.	female
There she founded the Waco Women's Press Club in 1894. 	" During World War I, Dromgoole was a warrant officer in the United States Naval Reserve."	female
Murillo played for four different teams in Honduras until her retirement in the 90s. 	" Later, Murillo worked for the Inter-American Development Bank as a producer and developer of reports and research."	female
"In 2016 Marrero denounced British fashion designer Vivienne Westwood on social media, claiming that one of her works had been plagiarized on a shirt sold through Westwood's website. "	" As a musician, Marrero has released two electropop albums and has worked as a DJ at several Spanish clubs."	female
"Flinn's case, due in part to her high visibility in Air Force recruitment advertisements, drew national attention, eventually creating a media circus. "	" This is an issue about an officer, entrusted to fly nuclear weapons, who lied."	female
"Utada made the majority of the album alone, saying she 'locked herself away'. "	" I was like a mad scientist working away in an underground laboratory, going on to say I had the time of my life but it was a very intense, introverted process."	female
"Ursula, Lady Walsingham, continued to live at Barn Elms with a staff of servants until her death in 1602. "	" Protestants lauded Walsingham as a sound pillar of our commonwealth and chief patron of virtue, learning and chivalry."	female
"At 09:43, Seydlitz was hit by a 13.5 in (340 mm) shell from Lion, which penetrated her after turret barbette and caused an ammunition fire in the working chamber. "	 Only the prompt action of the executive officer in flooding the magazines saved Seydlitz from a magazine explosion that would have destroyed the ship.	female
"Later that month she rejoined TF 58 for raids on Palau, Yap, Ulithi and Woleai from 30 March to 1 April; support of the Hollandia operation in New Guinea on 21 April and 22; and a repeat raid on Truk from 29 April to 1 May. "	" During the invasion of Guam Dortch patrolled west of the island as life guard and fighter director ship, as well as screening the carriers that provided air support for the troops ashore."	female
"Grace is a work of art herself, as are the covers for Island Life, Slave to the Rhythm and Living My Life, but best of all is the louche image of Nightclubbing by Jean-Paul Goude, part Tretchikoff's Green Lady, part the best advert for smoking you've ever seen. "	" According to i-D, it was a series of consistently stellar album artwork that helped propel [the singer] from musician to icon."	female
"In 2018, Chando made her directorial debut with her short film LPM, Likes Per Minute. "	" It screened at the inaugural Mammoth Film Festival, where Chando also serves as an operations manager."	female
In 1980 she was commissioned as an Engineer Officer through the Ohio Army Guard's Officer Candidate School. 	" Ashenhurst commanded and held staff officer assignments from battalion, company, brigade, and Joint Force Headquarters."	female
"The first woman to hold the rank of chief constable was Pauline Clare, appointed Chief Constable of the Lancashire Constabulary on 14 June 1995. "	 The population of areas for which chief constables are responsible varies from a few hundred thousand to two or three million and it is commonplace for chief constables for larger force areas to be drawn from the chief constables of smaller forces.	female
"After her time with the NRDC, she went on to get her Ph.D. at Stanford University, funded by the National Science Foundation's Graduate Research Fellowship and the Lucille Packard Stanford Graduate Fellowship, within the Emmett Interdisciplinary Program in Environment and Resources with an emphasis in hydrologic ecosystem services in 2010. "	" Currently, Brauman is the Lead Scientist of the Global Water Assessment under the Institute on the Environment at the University of Minnesota."	female
"To the amusement of many, this year an artist had a painting in the parade showing a naked female bicyclist next to a baton-wielding police officer. "	 The panel was put on a small platform on wheels and parade goers were invited to have their pictures taken with their heads poking out of the holes of the naked bicyclists and the officer.	female
"Born in Bedford, Beardsmore attended the independent Dame Alice Harpur School in her hometown, then studied for a BA in English and Politics at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and also went to Luton College of Higher Education. "	 Beardsmore joined the BBC in 1977 as secretary to the Manager of Operations and later as a production assistant.	female
"Census, Neva & her new husband, August Busch, were shown living with the three Bragg children in Los Angeles, California.[citation needed] Bragg married Gertrude Elizabeth Brownlee (born July 6, 1902, Eau Claire, Wisconsin) on February 17, 1930, in Clearwater, Florida. "	 Brownlee was an Advance Manager for the Bragg lectures.	female
"In 1992, she was named the project scientist of the Shuttle-Mir Program (STS-60, STS-63, STS-71, Mir 18, Mir 19), and served in this capacity until the conclusion of the Phase 1A Program in 1995. "	" From 1993 through 1996, Whitson held the additional responsibilities of the deputy division chief of the Medical Sciences Division at NASA-JSC."	female
Her first assignment was at Bolling Air Force Base in Washington where she worked as an intelligence research specialist. 	 Montes advanced rapidly through the ranks at the DIA and became its most senior Cuban analyst.	female
A few weeks later she was given a major spread in an article about the newly formed Women's Auxiliary Army Corps. 	 The image of a WAAC officer candidate (at right) comes from this shoot.	female
Knapp's parents divorced when she was three and she spent an unhappy childhood with her remarried father until leaving home at 18. 	" As a classically trained musician Knapp played trumpet in high school, and attended Pittsburg State University on a music scholarship."	female
"She thought about it for a few hours, ran it by upper management, and told me to write it up. "	 That was a natural bridge as a programmer.	female
Faces was founded in 1997 by three participants in the first wave of net art  	" Initially, Huffman and McCarty served as co-moderators and Djordjevic as technical advisor."	female
In total she met during 84 days of parliamentary session. 	 Haldorsen was medical superintendent of a children's home and advisor to a hospital board from 1959 to about 1964.	female
"That year she also won first prize at the Festival de la Chanson at Ostende, Belgium. "	 Leyrac was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1967 and was the subject of an hour-long documentary on CBC television in 1972.	female
"A short time into her part-time job, the store's owner stepped down and offered Bestwick to take over the business, to which she agreed. "	" At Microbyte, Bestwick was promoted time and time again, eventually becoming promotions manager and later sales manager."	female
She is noted for her interpretations of French mélodies and German lieder. 	" Stutzmann also plays piano, bassoon and is a chamber musician."	female
"Confused, Milja turns to a female guard and asks her what happens next. "	 The guard tells Milja that a vote will be held to decide whether or not to let Milja stay.	female
"In 2008, Johansson was promoted to Head of Design, working with 140 designers, and in 2013 she began overseeing H&M's special collections shown in Paris. "	" Johansson became Creative Advisor in 2015, and has subsequently worked as H&M's spokesperson and representative."	female
"A 911 caller reported that a woman had been speeding down the street, struck a parked car, got out of the vehicle, and then left on foot. "	" Forty minutes later, another call was placed indicating that the driver had returned."	female
"In 1976 she was promoted to Manager of Children's Programs by Margaret Loesch, then Director of Children's Programs. "	" Animation in 1980, and eventually became a vice president and general manager."	female
"On her return to India, Albuquerque worked with Jerusha Jhirad at the Bangalore Maternity Hospital, as senior obstetrician from 1922 to 1925. "	" After Jhirad left for Bombay, Albuquerque became senior medical officer at the hospital."	female
In her spare time she was involved with a number of cultural and sporting initiatives as well as writing for the local paper and co-writing a book on the history of the performing arts. 	 Parsons also served as Cultural Officer from 1984-1989 and has been active in culture and sports.	female
"Bush administration, then-Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole recruited her for the Department of Labor. "	" Dominguez served as Assistant Secretary for Employment Standards, Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) and Architect of the Labor Department's Glass Ceiling Initiative."	female
She also adds vocals and music to various projects. 	" Additionally Brouder retains current licenses in nursing, cosmetology and as a real estate broker."	female
She continued to teach immunology online until her death. 	 Pontzer joined the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health (NCCIH) as a scientific review officer in 2002.	female
"Once a yellow pony steps out of the train, Twilight and her friends think that she is Ms. Harshwhinny and go to welcome her. "	" The friends show the inspector the castle, who seems to have claustrophobia and altocelarophobia."	female
"She was the nominee for comptroller of the currency before her nomination was withdrawn at her request on December 7, 2021. "	 Omarova previously served as an advisor within the Department of the Treasury.	female
"During her campaign announcement in 2015, Hewitt stated, People are tired of career politicians. "	" As an engineer, I am a problem solver."	female
She received her B.S. in nursing education from the University of Minnesota School of Nursing. 	 Woodman served as chief nurse of the XXIV Corps.	female
"Dr. Mathur has a teaching experience of more than 16 years, she started her career as an assistant professor in 2003 at Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi. "	 Dr. Mathur is a very proactive Scientist and has been into various extramural and administrative activities.	female
"She has worked in a range of scientific and environmental management roles in addition to her Antarctic roles, including environment negotiator for New Zealand free trade agreements, and establishment unit convenor for the Crop and Food Research Institute. "	" Notably, Wratt was chief executive of the not for profit Cawthron Institute during 2006–2012."	female
"While she is reported in some circles to have been one of the primary architects of the HTS program, she was not. "	" Some time in 2007, McFate joined HTS as the Social Science Advisor."	female
She is the first female conductor to be named chief conductor of the Vienna RSO. 	" Alsop is to hold the title of chief conductor designate with immediate effect, through the 2018–2019 season."	female
The Miss Deaf USA 2005 winner was the first USA participant in this competition. 	" As MDU's CEO, Leek attended the event and met pageant directors from other countries, who expressed their will to initiate a similar pageant in the USA as well as in other countries."	female
She is married and has been a medical doctor since 2009. 	 Rottländer is currently chief resident in internal medicine at a hospital in Switzerland.	female
"Woerz began working with the organization as a teen ambassador, which she has done ever since. "	 Rosenstein then began working with Woerz in late 2014 as the artist’s manager and producer.	female
"The final member of Empowered's primary supporting cast is an immortal, cosmically powerful being called The Caged Demonwolf, whom Empowered prevented from destroying the Earth by imprisoning its essence within a bondage belt gained from another of her previous misadventures. "	" While The Caged Demonwolf was initially hostile, it has since become both an advisor and friend to Empowered, Thugboy and Ninjette."	female
She worked on manuals for the safe use of gliders. 	 Grimshaw spent 1953–61 at the RAE's headquarters office and returned as the RAE Project officer on the full pressure suit in 1961.	female
"She was an undergraduate student at the University of Milan, where she completed a Laura in pharmaceutical chemistry. "	 Whilst studying Giordani worked as a chemical health analyst in the Public Health Laboratory of Bergamo.	female
"In 1990s her interactive art projects, mostly occupied with metaphors, tele-presence and relation of the real world and cyber-space, were featured in magazines such as Hotwired, and presented at Ars Electronica arts and technology festival's Net Art selection in Linz, Austria in 1997. "	" Bulaja was the originator, editor-in-chief, manager, director and designer of the project."	female
"The writers have cleverly embraced the gap Mags left behind; instead of trying to replace her directly, they've used her absence to create the sense of a town on the precipice of a crime war. "	" This week's episode, however, reminds us that Mags was never truly the chief villain of Justified to begin with."	female
"She then went on to represent Team USA, being named an Olympic alternate in 1996 and a member of the 2000 team that won gold. "	 Mcfalls continued to coach for many years with several different schools at many different competitive levels.	female
"Weidman attended Pennsylvania State University, where she joined the PRS, whose investigations were the basis of the A&E series Paranormal State. "	 Weidman worked as the PRS's case manager between 2006 and 2011.	female
She set three world records: in the 1000 m in 1972 and in the 4×800 m relay in 1969 and 1976. 	 Hoffmeister was a sports teacher by training and after retiring from competitions became deputy chief of the Children and Youth School in Cottbus.	female
"Lieutenant Governor Lynda Haverstock sailed on board from Esquimalt Harbour to Victoria Harbour in 2006, to visit her crew and observe how she manoeuvres. "	" Haverstock, who was given a lesson on how to drive the ship, presented its commanding officer with the Commemorative Medal for the Centennial of Saskatchewan."	female
"In 2004, she accepted a position as assistant coach for Ohio State University, to work with Buckeyes women's ice hockey head coach Jackie Barto, who had been Lachapelle's coach at Providence. "	 Lachapelle stayed as the assistant coach at Ohio State from 2004 to 2008.	female
"Her students, in several sports, became national champions and participants of world and European championships. "	" Senior coach School of Olympic Reserve, Bialova has thirteen years working with athletes in wheelchairs."	female
In 2009 she became director of the Data To Insight Center and Executive Director of the Pervasive Technology Institute in 2021. 	" From 2017 until 2021, Plale was a science advisor at the National Science Foundation."	female
"In the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada, they became the 1st Senior Australian Football Team to win a knockout match in a World Cup when they defeated Brazil 1–0 in the Round of 16 before losing 1–0 to Japan in the quarter finals. "	" Currently, Stajcic stands as the only Australian-born head coach to win a match at a FIFA World Cup."	female
"She wrote prose articles for the Pioneer Press, Church Work and other papers, and was one of the contributing editors of the Woman's Record, at one time the organ of the Woman's Educational and Industrial Union of St. "	" Furber was identified with WCTU work for years as an officer in local, county and district organizations."	female
"Thanks to her intelligence, she acted as Suleiman's chief adviser, and she seems to have had an influence upon foreign policy and international politics. "	 Hürrem's great power signaled the rise of the chief imperial consort under the title of haseki.	female
Between 2015 and 2017 she was named three times as an NFHCA All-American while playing for Louisville Cardinals. 	" While based in Louisville, Kentucky, McFerran also worked as a goalkeeper coach at a local field hockey club, IFHCK."	female
"An Independent, she was the first female Chancellor of Austria. "	" Bierlein served as the advocate general of the Procurator's Office – essentially the country's chief public prosecutor – from 1990 to 2002, as well as a member of the executive board of the International Association of Prosecutors from 2001 to 2003."	female
"Shankar asks Ashadevi to solve this problem, but initially she refuses, but later she accepts because Shankar saved lakhs of rupees in finding out the duplicate dispatched stocks. "	" One day, Ashadevi's Company manager behaved rudely with employees with bad words."	female
"When Uhlenbeck went into retirement, Ras was the obvious person to succeed him, So he was appointed professor of Javanese language and literature in 1985. "	" Of special importance for the specialist scholar are a number of lengthy, in-depth studies of aspects of Javanese culture and literature."	male
He would study at the University of Manitoba where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1930. 	" As a career lawyer, MacMillan joined Canadian National Railways in 1937 as a solicitor in the company's Winnipeg, Manitoba office."	male
"Freinsheim was born at Ulm on November 16, 1608, and after studying at several universities: Marburg, Giessen and Strassburg, he visited France, where he remained for three years. "	" Freinsheim returned to Strassburg in 1637, and in 1642 was appointed professor of eloquence and holder of the Skyttean chair at the University of Uppsala."	male
"Peter William Likins (born July 4, 1936) was president of the University of Arizona from 1997 until his retirement in summer 2006. "	" At each of these universities, Likins was a professor of engineering."	male
The Evening Standard named Tuffrey as one of the thousand most influential Londoners for his work on the environment. 	" Tuffrey is a qualified Chartered Accountant, and has worked as a finance director for a major national charity before starting up a consultancy business, Corporate Citizenship."	male
"George Arliss, as the title character of the 1929 film Disraeli, rides a dandy-horse through a London park until he collides with a pedestrian. "	" This occurs in the opening scene of the film, set in the 1830s, when Disraeli was still a writer and a famous dandy."	male
"Kieft had his second and last abroad experience in 1990, joining FC Girondins de Bordeaux from France and again underachieving, returning to PSV and playing three more seasons until his retirement, averaging more than 11 goals in his second spell with the latter. "	" Kieft rejoined PSV in 2009, being named assistant coach of the club's youth sides."	male
"An explosion aboard Sirago while drydocked at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on 2 June 1954, killed two men and injured four others. "	" The blast, which occurred during plastic spraying of a main ballast tank, killed two civilian painters and injured a sailor and three other civilian painters."	male
"In the early stages of the film, Grandpa Hugo was to have been revealed as the murderous Dr. Satan, who at the time was simply referred to as the mad doctor. "	" The legend of the mad doctor was to be a ploy by the Firefly family to lure victims in, though this idea was later scrapped."	male
In 1868 he founded the Allgemeinen Evangelisch-Lutherischen Konferenz. 	" A strictly orthodox theologian and a clear writer, Luthardt became widely appreciated as the author of apologetic lectures."	male
"Between the ages of 20 and 25, he sent in a large number of submissions to comics companies, although he ultimately abandoned this approach to breaking into the industry, considering it too much of a lottery. "	" Best known as a writer, Bendis started out as an artist, doing work for local magazines and newspapers, including caricature work."	male
"In 1812, the author of Biographia Dramatica, called Parsons a comic actor of superlative merit, and added, In the conception and execution of such characters as Foresight, in Love for Love; Corbaccio in Volpone; Sir Fretful Plagiary in The Critic, &c. we never expect to see his equal. "	" Besides being an actor, Parsons was also a painter and a painting judge."	male
"Smyth began to paint still life paintings, pushing out the boundaries of his use of colour. "	" From 2013, Smyth became a student instructor, tutoring other students in Bargue drawings and sight size method cast drawings in charcoal."	male
"A popular teacher because of his genial personality, Dittmar was considered the father of the Department of Prosthetic Dentistry (now the Department of Restorative Dentistry) at the UIC College of Dentistry. "	" Dittmar achieved a national reputation as a writer, teacher, speaker, and executive."	male
He married Martha Thiel (1872-1949) at Brandenburg in 1891. 	 From 1897 to 1902 Noske was politically active at the local level and worked as an editor at social democratic newspapers in Brandenburg and Königsberg (Volkstribüne).	male
"When Creangă recounts, the composition is not extraordinary, but once his heroes begin talking, their gesticulation and wording reach a height in typical storytelling. "	 The distinctive manner of characterization through realistic dialogues is seen by Vianu as a highly personal intervention and indicator of the Moldavian writer's originality.	male
"Higgins was born in Boston, Massachusetts, where he attended the public schools and graduated from Harvard University in 1917. "	" Returning to civilian life, Higgins was employed as a chemist from 1919 until 1922."	male
"He has been a lecturer at Heidelberg University since 1977, where he became a professor in 2008, and gives tutorials in medical entomology und oncology at its Zoological Institute. "	" As a professor, Beccker supervises doctoral students in entomology (e.g."	male
"After gaining his second diploma from the University of Zimbabwe, Mudenda went on to practice law and teach in Zimbabwe until his decision to enter politics. "	" Through connections to Mugabe personally and good results, Mudenda was soon promoted to provincial administrator and provincial governor."	male
"Hermann Müller, a Social Democrat heavily influenced by his father, an advocate of Ludwig Feuerbach's views, is the only German chancellor who was not a member of any religion. "	" From 1899 to 1906, Müller worked as an editor at the Socialist newspaper Görlitzer Volkswacht."	male
He finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Water Polo Team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 	" Since 2003, Hermsen is a professor at the University of Amsterdam in Astrophysics."	male
"In addition to his own books and articles during this period, he also joined Inazo Nitobe in crafting what became his most well-known book, Bushido: The Soul of Japan. "	" The prolific writer was also a prolific traveller, making eleven trips to Europe--primarily to visit the Netherlands."	male
He has also won awards for his reporting on gun violence and the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests. 	 Lahman was a senior editor for Total Sports Publishing from 1999 to 2001.	male
"DeNucci served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for ten years, where he was chairman of the Human Services Committee. "	 DeNucci was the longest-serving Auditor in Massachusetts history.	male
"He also was a beat reporter covering the Yankees, Mets, Giants, and Jets. "	 Reali joined ESPN in 2000 as a researcher and writer for 2 Minute Drill.	male
"In 1955, he wrote a series of newspaper stories about a shipwrecked sailor who nearly died on account of negligence by the Colombian Navy; several of his colleagues drowned shortly before arriving at the port of Cartagena de Indias due to the existence of overweight contraband aboard the vessel. "	" This resulted in public controversy, as it discredited the official account of the events, which had blamed a non-existent storm for the shipwreck and glorified the surviving sailor."	male
"County, California sex industry publisher who both advertised in the paper and allowed Kunkin to use his presses after he lost his original printers. "	 Kunkin stayed on as editor for about two years and then left.	male
"He was a very productive artist who seldom made use of mythological themes or human figures, and when he did, always accompanied them with animals or animal friezes. "	 Besides the Gorgon Painter the painters of the Komast Group (585–570 BC) should be mentioned.	male
"A theoretical chemist, he received his bachelor's degree in chemistry and physics at Harvard University (summa cum laude) and his Ph.D. in chemistry in 1975 from the University of California, Berkeley. "	" As a research chemist, Oxtoby is author or co-author of more than 165 scientific articles on subjects such as light scattering, chemical reaction dynamics and phase transitions."	male
"In 2014, Pulkki was awarded the Samuel L. Warner Memorial Medal for his significant research work surround and multichannel audio. "	" Pulkki was appointed docent of spatial sound at Aalto University in 2007–2012, an assistant professor in 2012–2015 and a professor in 2015."	male
"Delecluze, in his Louis David et son temps, has also a brief life of Girodet. "	 The exhibition assembled more than 100 seminal works (about 60 paintings and 40 drawings) that demonstrated the artist's range as a painter as well as a draftsman.	male
After that he presents it to the Board of Directors. 	" If thesis accepted by the Board, examiner will enter an exam about the thesis."	male
Hester dropped out on day three after a bout of gastroenteritis and after Skelton accidentally kicked his toenail off. 	" Skelton, also a comedy writer, was chosen to take part in the flight."	male
"According to a description written for publication by Antonfrancesco Cirni, he also designed many of the costumes for the famously elaborate wedding festivities of Ortensia Borromeo in March 1565, which were held in the Vatican and included a tournament in the Belvedere courtyard. "	 Such duties were often expected of a Renaissance court painter.	male
He began his campaign in late 1823 and faced little opposition until Christopher Tompkins declared his candidacy in May 1824. 	 Tompkins was a little-known judge from Bourbon County who vehemently held to the principles of the Anti-Relief faction.	male
"On April 23, 1911, twenty-six men gathered together in the same hall, along with Reverend Ullrich and Reverend Meyer, and formally organized Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hodgkins, Illinois. "	 Reverend Ullrich was called as the assistant pastor.	male
Gopalam (Srikanth) performs tapas and gets Radha (Sneha) as his wife. 	 Gopalam is an assistant public prosecutor.	male
"In the United States, first he was organist and professor of music at Valparaiso University. "	" While still a professor at the University of Minnesota, Fleischer took on the role of organist at The First Unitarian Society in Minneapolis."	male
"He has conflated Discovery Institute's position with that of the Dover school board, and he totally misrepresents intelligent design and the motivations of the scientists who research it. "	 Newspapers have noted that the judge is a Republican and a churchgoer.	male
Herrington was assigned to the Flight Support Branch of the Astronaut Office where he served as a member of the Astronaut Support Personnel team responsible for Shuttle launch preparations and post-landing operations. 	" Herrington was selected as a Mission Specialist for STS-113, the sixteenth Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station."	male
"After studying physics at Erlangen and Göttingen, Friedrich Kohlrausch completed his doctorate in Göttingen. "	" After a two-year work as a lecturer in Frankfurt, Kohlrausch was appointed a professor of physics at the University of Göttingen (1866–70)."	male
"The changing nature of the connection between the Americans and the British Royal Navy is captured in Aubrey's expressions of gratitude to Michael Herapath for his help in their escape from the French spies, out to a Royal Navy ship in Boston harbor. "	 The American Herapath had served as assistant to Maturin on the Leopard.	male
Rall interned at Bellevue Hospital in New York City from 1952 – 1953 when he joined the National Cancer Institute in 1954. 	" Rall also served as a surgeon (1955–1959), a senior surgeon (1959–1960), medical director (1963–1971), and assistant surgeon general (1971–1990) in the United States Public Health Services."	male
"In 2001 in Götzis he became the first decathlete ever to achieve over 9,000 points, setting the record at 9,026 points, succeeding his compatriot, Tomáš Dvořák, who had scored 8,994 points two years earlier. "	 Tradition dictates the winner of the decathlon holds the title of World's Greatest Athlete.	male
"He finished his international career as Australia's most capped player, with a total of 39 caps (36 Test and 3 World Cup), a record that remained until Mal Meninga broke it in 1992. "	" After retiring from the playing field in 1967, Gasnier was involved in the media side of rugby league, becoming a sports writer and broadcaster."	male
"In Texas, a physician who voluntarily assisted in the delivery of an infant, and who proved that he had no expectation of remuneration, had no liability for the infant's injuries due to allegedly ordinary negligence; there was uncontroverted testimony that neither he nor any doctor in Travis County would have charged a fee to [the mother] or any other person under the circumstances of this case. "	" It was significant that the doctor was not an employee of the attending physician, but was only visiting the hospital and had responded to a Dr. Stork page, and had not asked or expected to be paid."	male
"Although McClurg often used bloodletting, the doctors agreed that Wythe actually called for an autopsy after his death, which happened on June 8, 1806. "	" Oddly, Houlder Hudgins served as administrator for at least two of the siblings, who soon became Wythe's heirs."	male
Beuermann (2011) speculates that Rognvald's transfer of power to his brother may have been an attempt by the saga writers to imply that the Orkney earldom had more independence from Norway than that of Rognvald's earldom of Møre and that the earl's holdings in Caithness may have allowed for an even greater degree of freedom of action. 	 Such implications are more likely to be rooted in the writer's interest in emphasising Orcadian independence at the time of writing rather than the 9th/10th century events they purport to describe.	male
"While Ishii was in junior high school, a book by Masatoshi Nakayama sparked his interest in Shotokan karate, but a Sonny Chiba film later inspired him to pursue training in Kyokushin karate. "	" Ishii began training in Kyokushin karate under Hideyuki Ashihara, who was then a senior instructor in Kyokushin's International Karate Organization (IKO)."	male
"The tour ended and he returned to Ottawa, Ontario. "	" MacDonald spent the next few years in various jobs including drive-in restaurant employee, ballroom dance instructor, and teacher's aide for mentally challenged children."	male
"Quarles came to Somerset sometime before 1812, for in May 1812, he was one of a commission to supervise the building of a County Clerk's office. "	 Quarles was a lawyer and became a member of the state legislature in 1811 and 1812.	male
"Throughout his tenure, Gude had private pupils in addition to his normal classes. "	" As a professor Gude taught six hours of class, held two hours of office hours, took turns with other professors supervising the nude drawing class and attended staff meetings."	male
"Like Al Bahrani and Nasir, 'Allamah-i Hilli was contemporary with the Mongol upheaval, and played a role similar to that of his teacher. "	 Allamah-i Hilli was a prolific writer whose bibliography comprises about one hundred and twenty titles.	male
"After leaving Esquire, Hirshey was hired as an editor at the New Yorker, where he assigned, developed and edited articles on future trends in politics, science, business, entertainment, culminating with The Next Issue. "	" Promoted to senior vice president and executive editor in 2007, Hirshey specializes in politics, current affairs, sports, memoir, pop culture, and humor."	male
"While subsequently appearing in Cinderella in Leeds, he collapsed in his dressing room. "	" The attending doctor administered morphine, to which Formby briefly became addicted."	male
"In 1973, he was their starting quarterback and led his team to the 61st Grey Cup. "	 Keeling was an assistant coach for the Stampeders from 1982 to 1983.	male
He also wrote editorials in the Greenville Delta Democrat-Times regarding social and economic intolerance in the Deep South that won him widespread acclaim and the moniker Spokesman of the New South. 	 The article was attacked on the floor of the Mississippi House of Representatives as a Willful lie by a nigger-loving editor.	male
Fernández Silvestre commented to the Spanish press about the letter that: This man Abd el-Krim is crazy. 	 I'm not going to take seriously the threats of a little Berber caid [judge] whom I had at my mercy a short time ago.	male
"Was archbishop for a long time, into his old age. "	" Was knowledgeable in several subjects, and was professor of astronomy and logistics at Uppsala University."	male
"At the Tenth International Medical Congress held in 1890 in Berlin, Koch unexpectedly introduced a cure for tuberculosis, which he called tuberculin. "	 The public trusted the famous physician and reacted enthusiastically.	male
"In 1910 he joined the National League, a secret Polish right-wing organization. "	" Rybarski was professor at the Jagiellonian University from 1917 until 1920, from 1921 until 1923 at the Warsaw University of Technology and from 1924 at the Warsaw University."	male
"He demands from the boy's family to pay 400,000 Francs within 24 hours. "	" The head physician advises the family to ask their friends, neighbors, and family for support."	male
What's worse is that the people's trust in Zinga diminishes since the patients he tried to cure all die. 	" Therefore, the witch doctor come up with a task of bringing the rain."	male
"However, Zoran Filipović re-joined the FR Yugoslavia national team in 1999 continuing his collaboration with Vujadin Boškov when he took over. "	 Filipović was the assistant at the Euro 2000.	male
On 24 May 2011 he was named new manager of II liga club Wigry Suwałki. 	 Since 2009 Vencevičius has been an assistant coach of the Lithuanian national team.	male
"Unable to have regular work because of his health, Selby decided, I know the alphabet. "	 Maybe I could be a writer.	male
"However, in his teens Humphries began to rebel against the strictures of conventional suburban life by becoming artistic, much to the dismay of his parents who, despite their affluence, distrusted art. "	" Humphries responded by becoming a voracious reader, a collector of rare books, a painter, a theatre fan and a surrealist."	male
"Kanto is strong enough to lift about 50 tons, his reflexes and speed allow him to dodge bullets, lasers, etc. "	 Kanto is a trained athlete and fine hand-to-hand combatant.	male
"In 1994, Holbrooke returned to Washington to become the assistant secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs, a position he held until 1996, when he resigned for personal reasons (he had recently married the author Kati Marton and wished to return to New York). "	" While assistant secretary, Holbrooke led the effort to implement the policy to enlarge NATO and had the distinction of leading the negotiation team charged with resolving the Balkans crisis."	male
"Steerpike uses his charm and fast tongue to insinuate himself with the castle's physician Dr Prunesquallor, and acts for a time as his apprentice. "	 From there Steerpike uses the doctor's connections to gain access to the upper hierarchy of Gormenghast.	male
This includes expanding his zoo to include a home for crossbred dogs and a club for rodents. 	" The doctor also takes time to solve a mystery with the aid of Kling, the Dog Detective."	male
"In 2010, the same university awarded him a Doctor of Medicine degree, based on his research and thesis on macrovascular complications of diabetes in adults in Botswana. "	" Dr Onen is a senior consultant physician at the Centre for Chronic Diseases, a private medical practice that offers treatment in a number of specialties, including Cardiology, Cardiovascular Diseases, Diabetes, Gastroenterology and Infectious Diseases, among others."	male
"Claiming a success rate of 50 percent, he presented the results at the Berlin Medical Congress and published a report, but the response from his medical peers was hostile and he did no further operations. "	" While generally treating these endeavours favorably, in their consideration of psychosurgery they reserved unremitting scorn for Burckhardt's surgical experiments of 1888 and opined that it was extraordinary that a trained medical doctor could undertake such an unsound procedure."	male
"There Lorenz Böhler was able to realize some of his most groundbreaking ideas: everything got specialized and standardized, records were kept for later (statistic) analyses, the most important information got written on the plaster and the patients got sorted according to their kind of physical injury, and those who were able to do some kind of work had to help at the military hospital. "	 For a short time in 1918 Böhler was in Italian war captivity and had to work as an advisory surgeon for Italian military hospitals.	male
He completed his doctorate from the University of Helsinki in 1930. 	 Ahlfors worked as an associate professor at the University of Helsinki from 1933 to 1936.	male
"After his stint as the host of Wake Up America on the fledgling network, McCuddy joined Fox News in 1996 as a regular contributor to various programming on the network. "	 For a brief time McCuddy was also a writer for Saturday Night Live.	male
"He is also the driving force behind the MEB Foundation, the MEB standing for Maintaining Excellent Balance, which principally promotes healthy living, and other positive lifestyle choices and motivation for school-age youth. "	" As a result, Keflezighi competed as an unsponsored athlete."	male
"In Medicine and Surgery he received his doctorate in 1956, where he was also a specialist in speech and sound disorders and ear, nose and throat qualifications. "	 Professor's Honorary Title Sonninen was awarded in 1981.	male
"Martin Amis, who was harshly criticized in America Alone but gave it a positive review, said of the style: Mark Steyn is an oddity: his thoughts and themes are sane and serious "	" Longtime editor and admirer Fulford also wrote, Steyn, a self-styled 'right-wing bastard,' violates everyone's sense of good taste."	male
"Architecture itself moves, he told a biographer, and, with a little chance, becomes a magnificent ruin. "	 Calatrava is also a sculptor and painter.	male
He holds a juris doctorate from the University of Connecticut School of Law. 	 Roach was a law clerk at various U.S. and V.I.	male
"The FATP privilege might not apply to certified public accountants who are not licensed to practice in the state in which the client lives (for example, in a situation where the client lives in New Jersey but works in New York, where he consults a CPA who is licensed in New York but not in New Jersey). "	 The advice must be treated as confidential by both the accountant and the client to be covered by the privilege.	male
He studied at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 	" Bodwell served as clerk and treasurer for the township, later becoming a member of the township council, then reeve and later warden for Oxford County."	male
"But his principal work is the famous altar-piece in the sacristy of San Lorenzo, in the Escorial, representing the 'Adoration of the Miraculous Host.' "	" It is an immense composition, and occupied the painter seven years."	male
"On the other hand, he suggests, genre fiction writers tend to support themselves by book sales. "	 I'm a genre writer of a sort.	male
"The penalty for an offence was determined according to two factors: The local magistrate acted as examiner and sometimes as investigator, but his final role in legal cases was to determine the proper penalty for the offense that had been committed: he had to fix the nature of the offense as defined by the code, and to increase or reduce the associated penalty depending on the social relation between offender and victim. "	" While questioning a witness, the magistrate would look closely for five kinds of behavior: the person's statements, expression, breathing, reaction to the words of the judge, and eyes."	male
"He was educated in city and county schools and at sixteen began work as a janitor in the First National Bank of Neodesha, Kansas. "	 Woodring soon became assistant cashier at the First National Bank of Neodesha.	male
"Masterson was back in Dodge City on November 1, 1884, where he issued a small newspaper called Vox Populi which was devoted to local political issues. "	" Masterson, editor, which in appearance is very neat and tidy."	male
"When his term in the Senate ended in 1867, he was nominated to run again, but declined. "	" Dunning gained a national reputation as a lawyer, and was committed to criminal law."	male
"Should he do so, he commits a trespass to the person and is liable to damages. "	" However, if the plaintiff is informed by a doctor of the broad risks of a medical procedure, there will be no claim under trespass against the person for resulting harm caused; the plaintiff's agreement constitutes informed consent."	male
It began in February 2005 when Cussler sued Anschutz and Crusader for $100 million for failing to consult him on the script. 	" The writer also claimed breach of contract because Crusader had failed to take up the option of a second book, Anschutz counter-sued for alleged blackmail and sabotage attempts against the film prior to its 2005 release."	male
He created the Kantha Bopha Foundation in Zurich in 1992 and became its head. 	" As both a cellist and a medical doctor, Richner was known by patients, audiences, and donors as Beatocello."	male
"In 1974 he was admitted to Makerere University School of Medicine, graduating in 1979 with a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery degree. "	 Aisu worked in the past as a Laboratory Specialist Medical Officer at the World Health Organization.	male
"Herrmann took on the role due to the character being an English villain, allowing him to portray an antagonist with an accent, as well as being able to work with animals and make a film for children. "	" The following year, Herrmann had a small role as a doctor in Are You Here."	male
"His two-volume book Cancer: Its Cause and Treatment, was widely reviewed in medical journals. "	 Bulkley was the editor of Cancer: A Practical Quarterly Journal Devoted to the Best Interests of Cancer.	male
"When Hempstead's term as governor ended on December 9, 1854, he attempted to run for the United States congress, but lost due to his opinion over prohibition. "	" Later, Hempstead was repeatedly elected to and served as Dubuque's county judge until 1867."	male
"In addition to novelisations, he wrote many nostalgic novels set in London, prompted by the success of his autobiographical radio drama series Our Family. "	 Pemberton first worked on the programme in 1967 as Assistant Script Editor and was promoted to the role of Script Editor during the production of the story The Tomb of the Cybermen.	male
"He has also worked to explain archaeology and Aztec civilization to the public through lectures, writings, and museum exhibits, and was an interviewee for the Harvard Gazette in 2018 on the topic of ancient Aztec religion. "	" Professor Matos has received many honors and awards, both in Mexico and in other countries."	male
"His state's awards include 5th and 4th Classes of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd Class of the Order of Merit, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Order of the Badge of Honour, Order for Personal Courage, and Personal Firing Weapon. "	 Durdynets is an honorary professor of the National Academy of Internal Affairs.	male
"During his final illness, he was given the honorary title of Canon of St. "	" Ellerton was best known as a hymnologist, editor, hymn-writer and translator."	male
He appeared as a teacher in the romantic comedy Breathing Room/'Til Christmas (1996). 	 Spreckman's Boat (also 1996) was an ensemble piece which featured Futterman as a smarmy doctor in an interracial relationship.	male
In 2019 he became a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. 	 Cederman was and is the principal investigator in several research projects with funding from the Swiss National Science Foundation and the Swiss Network for International Studies.	male
"He did most of his work together with his wife Raili Pietilä (Raili Inkeri Marjatta née Paatelainen, 15 August 1926 – 16 May 2021); indeed, after 1963 all their works were officially attributed to Raili and Reima Pietilä. "	 Reima Pietilä was a professor of architecture at the University of Oulu from 1973 to 1979.	male
"On February 15, 2015, Pavel Voitov and Artur Narcissov attacked a janitor in Vykhino, but he actively resisted. "	" The criminals were forced to flee, and the janitor was able to testify and describe them."	male
"Despite opposing the war, he volunteered for combat duty first as a rifleman then as a radio operator, spending time in one of the worst sectors of the war before being invalided out by a lung infection after 15 months' service. "	" Werth was an unclassifiable writer with an acid prose, who wrote of the inter-war period as well as advocating against colonialism (Cochinchine, 1928)."	male
"William Rondina is an American designer as well as the Founder, CEO and Chairman of The Connaught Group, Ltd and William Rondina, Inc. in New York City. "	 Rondina is a philanthropist and art collector.	male
He earned his master's degree in biology at Reed College and his PhD at Princeton University in 1943. 	" After college, McElroy became a professor at Johns Hopkins University."	male
"Investigating a chemical leak from the floor above, he discovers that the inhabitant directly overhead is a strange, old, and reclusive physician. "	" The doctor demonstrates supreme medical skill, and saves the narrator with a combination of medications."	male
"Additionally, he won wrestling, boxing and lacrosse championships during his playing career. "	 Conacher retired as an athlete in 1937 to enter politics.	male
He joined the Boston University faculty in 1975 teaching film history classes at the College of Communications. 	 Manvell was named University Professor in 1982.	male
"Interpreting the contributions of Marx and Weber, in particular, as foundations for a dynamic theory of modern society, he starts out from the proposition that it is only from the perspective of “globalization” (including the debates about restructuring, transnational corporations, and neo-imperialism) that the contradictions and paradoxes of modern society can be disentangled.[citation needed] The spectrum of his theoretical reference points reach from the critical theory of the Frankfurt School at one end, to Joseph Schumpeter's social theory of capitalism, at the other. "	" Dahms is also associate editor of Basic Income Studies, Soundings."	male
"A widely believed story, summarized in an article by columnist Tracy Ringolsby, holds that a hospitalized writer from Philadelphia had turned in a ballot with Campanella listed as his first-place and fifth-place vote. "	 It was assumed that the writer had meant to write Snider's name into one of those slots.	male
"In February 1934, he was appointed the Head of Department of Military-Engineering Science of General Staff Academy. "	" Since 1936, Karbyshev was an assistant to the Head of Department of Large Formations' Tactics of the Academy."	male
"He says that Haddock is currently horse riding, but he shortly returns minus the horse. "	" Haddock introduces their old friend Professor Calculus, and then tries to show Tintin a magic trick to turn water into whisky, which fails."	male
"It was first given to him by his grandparents, due to a resemblance to the character Kum-Kum from the anime Wanpaku Omukashi Kumu Kumu which was Agüero's favourite television programme as a child. "	 It's not every day an athlete is nicknamed after a cartoon character!	male
"During the 1940s and 1950s, he studied at various Peruvian universities and obtained degrees in literature, history, and law. "	" When the Peruvian government decided to reopen an old Catholic seminary in Ayacucho and make it into a modern university dedicated to improving the condition of the region's impoverished native population, Morote joined the new institution as professor of anthropology and vice-rector."	male
"He then went to St Catherine's College at the University of Oxford where he read Philosophy, Politics and Economics. "	" After Oxford, Mabey worked as a lecturer in Social Studies in Further Education at Dacorum College, Hemel Hempstead, then as a Senior Editor at Penguin Books."	male
"He was close to his uncle Octavien de Saint-Gelais (1466–1502), bishop of Angoulême since 1494, himself a poet who had translated the Aeneid into French. "	" Mellin, who had studied at Bologna and Padua, had the reputation of being doctor, astrologer and musician as well as poet."	male
"In 1919, the Laboratory became a part of the Warsaw University of Technology, where, as a professor, Miklaszewski worked until the end of his life. "	" Professor Miklaszewski was very active in the scientific, didactic, organizational and publishing fields."	male
In only one year (1805) he was raised to Professor aged only 24. 	" This was as Professor of Zoology, Human Anatomy and Comparative Anatomy at Landshut University."	male
"He was chosen a member of the Académie des Sciences in 1836, filling the seat of André-Marie Ampère. "	" Sturm became répétiteur in 1838, and in 1840 professor in the École Polytechnique."	male
"More specifically, the defendant argued that the officer did not believe, reasonably, that his safety was threatened "	" Relying heavily on the indisputable video evidence that contradicted the officer's testimony on multiple points, the judge agreed with the defense, and barred the evidence of the handgun."	male
Resident Friedrich Muench became known for his expertise in the cultivation of grapes and wine making. 	 Muench was a prominent writer and lecturer and wrote a number of books.	male
"Caputo received his BA in 1962 from La Salle University, his MA in 1964 from Villanova University, and his PhD in philosophy in 1968 from Bryn Mawr College. "	" Caputo is a specialist in contemporary continental philosophy, with a particular expertise in phenomenology, hermeneutics, and deconstruction."	male
He was a volunteer editor at Coach House Books from 1975 to his death. 	" During the 1970s and 80s, bp was a contributing editor of Open Letter, a literary magazine."	male
Later in his tenure he used health care funding cuts as a mechanism to balance the state budget. 	" After years of assuring doctors that the state sick tax would be used only to fund health welfare programs, in 2009 Pawlenty recommended a 3% cut in physician reimbursements from the state and asked that the sick tax be put instead into the state's general budget."	male
"In 2019, he was made a Distinguished University Research Professor in the Department of Building, Civil and Environmental Engineering. "	" Haghighat serves as a subject matter expert on various national and international committees, and Editor Board member of several international scientific journals."	male
"The first band he saw live was Yes at Usher Hall, Edinburgh, in 1974. "	" Fish worked as a petrol pump attendant, gardener, and from 1977 until 1980 worked in forestry at the Bowhill Estate in Selkirk."	male
"In 1828 he was named professor of physiology, pathology and semiotics at the University of Dorpat. "	 Rathke was a professor of zoology and anatomy at Königsberg from 1835 to 1860.	male
"In a closed trial, he was denied the right to examine evidence and to call witnesses. "	 Orlov's summation was interrupted many times by the judge and the prosecutor and by spectators who shouted spy and traitor.	male
"Fraternal correction (correctio fraterna) is the admonishing of one's neighbor by a private individual with the purpose of reforming him or, if possible, preventing his sinful indulgence. "	" This is distinct from an official disciplining, whose mouthpiece is a judge or other like superior, whose object is the punishment of one found to be guilty, and whose motive is not so directly the individual advantage of the offender as the furtherance of the common good."	male
"He also owned houses elsewhere in Crimea, such as Stary Krym and Yalta. "	 Aivazovsky was the most influential seascape painter in nineteenth-century Russian art.	male
"Gauguin's art became popular after his death, partially from the efforts of dealer Ambroise Vollard, who organized exhibitions of his work late in his career and assisted in organizing two important posthumous exhibitions in Paris. "	" Gauguin was an important figure in the Symbolist movement as a painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramist, and writer."	male
"He was upset when Lahovari died not too long after, and authored his obituary. "	 Caragiale also became a collaborator on Filipescu's journal Epoca and editor of its literary supplement.	male
"In 1989, he became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. "	" O Choille gu Bearradh was the Saltire Society Scottish Book of the Year for 1990, and MacLean won the McVitie's Prize for Scottish Writer of the Year."	male
"He became seriously ill and moved to Verona, where he died. "	 Cantarini was principally a painter of the Counterreformation who painted religious subjects.	male
"In a decision on May 25, 2018, the Court of Appeal agreed with Kent, awarding him an additional $200,000 in costs, and ruling: we respectfully disagree with the trial judge's conclusion that the appellant's allegations of fraudulent concealment and the giving of false evidence were unproven. "	 It follows that the trial judge erred in penalizing the appellant for having made these allegations.	male
"In 1999, he was elected to the city council of Tehran in the first city elections after the 1979 revolution. "	" Hajjarian was also the editor of Sobh-e Emrooz newspaper, which was a strong advocate of Khatami's reforms."	male
He studied at the University of Munich under the noted chemist Justus von Liebig; he was Liebig's last student. 	 Loew became associate professor at Munich University in 1886.	male
"He has regularly appeared on BBC Local Radio, and has also written a biweekly column for the Worcester News. "	" Serrell is an avid collector, living in a house full of tat."	male
"The initial operation, John's successful post-surgery career, and the relationship between the two men is the subject of a 2013 ESPN 30 for 30 documentary. "	 The risk of injury to the throwing athlete's UCL is thought to be extremely high as the amount of stress through this structure approaches its ultimate tensile strength during a hard throw.	male
"In his 1913 thesis, he derived the Fokker–Planck equation along with Max Planck. "	 Fokker became a physics teacher at the Gymnasium of Delft after 1918 and was appointed in 1923 as the first professor of Applied Physics at the Technische Hoogeschool Delft (today Delft University of Technology).	male
"After 1931, he was renamed Assistant Commissioner D and became responsible for policy and planning. "	" By the end of World War II, Assistant Commissioner A (Operations and Administration) was responsible for all uniformed police, including specialist units, except traffic police, which were under Assistant Commissioner B (Traffic)."	male
"The Bobcats fell to 3–7 in 1981, and despite his popularity in Bozeman, Lubick was fired. "	 Lubick moved on to the Division I-A ranks as an assistant coach.	male
"The B side and bonus download track of the single called Ghost Camp, a song he co-wrote with former Smiths guitarist Craig Gannon, was written for a Salford Lads' Club award-winning play. "	" The writer said: Lazy Bohemians is a self-deprecating swipe against those whose talk about a revolution that never seems to get anywhere, a personal wake-up call to political apathy."	male
"To help reduce anxiety and increase patient comfort, men who have an aversion to needles may consider a no-needle application of anesthesia while the 'no-scalpel' or 'open-ended' techniques help to accelerate recovery times and increase the chance of healthy recovery. "	" After a short recovery at the doctor's office (usually less than an hour), the patient is sent home to rest."	male
A sailor and his girlfriend were walking when four zoot suiters blocked the sidewalk in front of them. 	" The young zoot-suiter and the sailor stood their ground in silence until finally, the sailor backed away."	male
"In 2008, Effendy successfully completed his Doctoral program in military sociology from the Airlangga University. "	 Muhadjir is currently listed as professor of Sociology Department in the State University of Malang.	male
He studied also with Porcelio Pandone (1405–1485) and Gaspar Veronese. 	" Sabellicus became professor of eloquence at Udine in 1473, but was dismissed in 1482."	male
"A French spy who saw him in Brazil as a prisoner on the USS Constitution, after HMS Java rescued them from the tropical seas, wrote that Maturin was Five foot six, slight build, black hair, pale eyes, muddy complexion, three nails on the right hand torn out, both hands somewhat crippled: speaks perfect French with a southern accent. (quoted in The Surgeon's Mate Chapter 11). "	" Although a skilled linguist, Maturin never quite grasps naval jargon or the workings of a ship, a narrative ploy which allows the author to provide the reader with technical information by having helpful crewmates explain things to the ship's doctor."	male
His young-adult novel Now I Know (1987) is based partly on his experiences as a monk. 	 Chambers left the monastery in 1967 and a year later became a freelance writer.	male
"He was married to Susan with whom he had eight children: Marguel, Jobaner, Rhudiza, Jarrel, Emily Rose, Pachel Baron, Rudyard James and Erna Sue. "	" A prolific writer, Lariosa wrote 300 poems, 140 stories, dramas, and novels."	male
His poems were mentioned in the book Ignorance written by Milan Kundera. 	" Skácel was the editor of Host do domu, an important literary magazine between 1963 and 1969."	male
"Theodore Cuza, a Jewish history professor living in Bucharest, and his daughter Magda are brought to the keep by SS Sturmbannfuhrer Eric Kaempffer in a desperate attempt to determine what is murdering his men. "	 The professor translates a mysterious message written in blood on a wall that uses a forgotten dialect of Old Romanian or Old Slavonic.	male
"Therapeutic bleeding, routinely employed at the time, was not performed by Shannon's surgeon Mr Alexander Jack, which was to Broke's advantage. "	" The report of the surgeon described the wound as a deep cut on the parietal bone, extending from the top of the head ... towards the left ear, [the bone] penetrated for at least three inches in length."	male
"A woman arrives in Guernsey, with her son Gilliat, and buys a house said to be haunted. "	 Gilliat becomes a good fisherman and sailor.	male
"According to Frankland himself, his interest in chemistry was furthered by a case held in the court of Lancaster Castle, which was adjacent to the Free Grammar School (then located on Castle Hill, Lancaster). "	" Frankland wished to become a doctor, but the cost of training was absolutely prohibitive."	male
He graduated magna cum laude from Yale University. 	 Berlitz was a writer on paranormal phenomena.	male
"Despite rejecting Justice Foster's reasoning, Justice Tatting cannot bring himself to reach the alternative view, that the defendants' convictions should be upheld. "	" Concluding with a criticism of the prosecutor for deciding to bring the prosecution in the first place, the judge makes the unprecedented decision of withdrawing from the case."	male
"From his experiences, he wrote a short story, Die Eichenlaubfahrt (The Oak-Leaves Patrol; Lehmann-Willenbrock had been awarded the Knight's Cross with oak leaves). "	" After the war, Buchheim worked as an artist, art collector, gallery owner, art auctioneer and art publisher."	male
"However he self-identified as a Celtic Breton, writing that he was the son of a country where the goblins populate the moor and dance by the moony nights around the menhirs; where the fairies and the enchanters - Viviane and Merlin - have as a field the forest of Brocéliande; where the spirits of the unburied dead appear all white above the waters of the Bay of the Departed. "	" Ropartz was also a writer of literary works, notably poetry."	male
He would eventually become the Prime Minister of the Belarusian People's Republic. 	" Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski, another future Prime Minister of the Belarusian People's Republic, became secretary of the newspaper in 1909 and in the years 1912--1913 acted as its de facto editor."	male
"On 24 November 1943 he was awarded the Oak Leaves to his Knight's Cross for his leadership during the Battle of Orsha, during which the 4th Army taking defensive positions near the Orsha region in Belarus, temporarily halted the advance of the Western Front led by General Vasiliy Sokolovsky. "	 These successes contributed greatly to Heinrici's reputation as a defensive specialist.	male
The film was an adaptation of his story Snehathinte Mukhangal. 	" MT was the first and foremost script writer in Malayalam who wrote screenplays after having learnt cinema as a distinctive visual art which has its own language, grammar and structure."	male
"In its obituary of Oosterbaan, The Sporting News described him as a phenomenal student-athlete who in his senior year at Michigan was captain of the football team, led the Big Ten Conference in scoring in basketball and was the league's leading hitter in baseball, a sport he had not pursued while in high school. "	 Oosterbaan was both a scholar and an athlete.	male
Podhoretz served as Commentary magazine's Editor-in-Chief from 1960 (when he replaced Elliot E. Cohen) until his retirement in 1995. 	 Podhoretz remains Commentary's Editor-at-Large.	male
"There is a memorial to him inside the church, with an epitaph written by his friend, William Wordsworth. "	" Southey was also a prolific letter writer, literary scholar, essay writer, historian and biographer."	male
"In 1896, he helped establish the Collectors Club of New York, and was later its president for a number of years. "	" Luff had become perhaps the most prolific philatelic writer of the age, with works ranging from the tutorial What Philately Teaches Us (1899) to the classic reference work The Postage Stamps of the United States (1902), and numerous articles in the AJP and Mekeel's Weekly Stamp News."	male
"While there, he was known for taking wagers on the course, presumably betting on himself against all takers of his challenges. "	" Sayers was a golf instructor to royalty, nobility and fellow professionals."	male
"In September 2013, Dutton announced his candidacy for the San Bernardino County Assessor-Recorder, vacated by retiring County Assessor-Recorder Dennis Draeger. "	" As a division of the Assessor-Recorder-County Clerk responsibilities, Dutton is the keeper of the historical archives."	male
Praxiteles and his school worked almost entirely in Parian marble. 	" Some of the statues of Praxiteles were coloured by the painter Nicias, and in the opinion of the sculptor they gained greatly by this treatment."	male
Rubik considers university and the education it afforded him as the decisive event which shaped his life. 	" From 1971 to 1979, Rubik was a professor of architecture at the Budapest College of Applied Arts (Iparművészeti Főiskola)."	male
"In the comedy Storken (= stork, 1895), that is playing in Kristiania (the former name of Oslo) at the end of the 19th century, a naïve clerk tries to establish contacts to the high society but he is often deceived by a royal authorized representative, who takes advantage of his ignorance. "	 Only at the end the clerk finds out the truth.	male
"Born in Sendai, Japan, in 1949, Masayoshi Esashi received his B.E. degree in electronic engineering in 1971 and a Doctor of Engineering degree in 1976 at Tohoku University. "	" Esashi served as a research associate from 1976 and an associate professor from 1981 at the Department of Electronic Engineering, Tohoku University."	male
"He married Eva Zepeda in 1964, with whom he had four children. "	" Nishizawa was a painter, engraver, graphic artist, sketch artist and ceramicist."	male
"He graduated B. Sc. at Geneva in 1829, and pursued his studies for a short time at Paris, where under the influence of Georges Cuvier, de Blainville and others, he worked at natural history and comparative anatomy. "	" Five years later, when de Candolle retired, Pictet was appointed professor of zoology and comparative anatomy."	male
In 1984 he was habilitated and in 1985 received a professorship for musicology at the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz. 	 Ruf is editor and co-publisher of numerous publications.	male
Vijaypat Singhania replaced him as the new sheriff on 18 December 2005. 	 Hegde is a dental surgeon.	male
"The Dialogue was written by Richard FitzNeal, the son of Nigel of Ely, who was Treasurer for both Henry I and Henry II of England. "	" According to the Dialogue, the Pipe rolls were the responsibility of the clerk of the Treasurer, who was called the Clerk of the Pipe and later the clerk of the pells."	male
"Prior to joining the Sports Xchange, he wrote for ESPN.com starting in 2001 and was a frequent contributor to the other ESPN outlets, including SportsCenter, ESPNEWS, ESPN Radio and ESPN The Magazine. "	" Before ESPN, Pasquarelli served as a senior writer for CBS SportsLine.com."	male
"He may have used the knife when embalming the bodies of dead popes, but he was careful to avoid it on living patients. "	 Chauliac's reputation as a physician grew quickly.	male
"In 1896 he became a regular member of the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts, and was an honourable doctor of the University of Prague and an external member of the Czech Academy of Sciences. "	" Klaić wrote for the weekly Hrvatska lipa of the Croatian Party of Rights and was the editor of Vienac for several years (1882–1889), founded an orchestra and conducted it, promoting Croatian music."	male
Alessandro Achillini began teaching when he was 21 years old. 	 During the 2-year period between 1506-1508 Achillini was a Professor at the University of Padua.	male
"Along with fellow former Ultimate Fighter competitors Joe Stevenson and Rashad Evans, he trained in Albuquerque under the instruction of coach Greg Jackson. "	 Christison was 0-6 lifetime in fights that went to a decision (not counting the loss to Petruzelli which is officially classed as an exhibition bout) and 20-1 in fights that were decided by knockout or submission (the lone loss coming via a doctor stoppage).	male
"He died at his home, Dyott End, on 8 March 1946. "	" Near the end of 1888, Lanchester went to work for the Forward Gas Engine Company of Saltley, Birmingham as assistant works manager."	male
Rudenko spent five minutes complaining that he had injured his neck while Povetkin waited patiently in the corner to resume but fans in attendance began to whistle in displeasure at Rudenko whom they saw as feigning injury. 	 The ringside doctor determined that Rudenko had a spasm and that Rudenko wanted to pull out of the fight.	male
"When his appointed term as district attorney expired in 1918, he ran for re-election and was elected to the post. "	" Then from 1927 to 1934, DeArmond served as Deschutes County’s district judge."	male
"From October 1995 to August 1996, Romeva was the principal aide of the UNESCO representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where he was responsible for the Educational programme and for promoting the UNESCO School of Peace Culture. "	" Romeva has been an assistant professor of International Relations at the UAB (1994–1995 and 1996–2002), researcher on peace and disarmament at the UNESCO Center of Catalunya (1994–1998) and campaign coordinator for disarmament and armed conflict prevention for Intermón-Oxfam (1998–1999)."	male
"He was discharged to the Machine Gun Corps convalescent camp at Harrowby in Yorkshire, where he was still recovering when the Armistice was signed. "	" With the armistice Coppard was discharged in 1919 and, following a period of unemployment, sought employment as an assistant steward at a golf club and thereafter in various sundry appointments."	male
"Being a fictitious character he could perform tasks that were logically impossible; for example, he could clap one hand in the air when summoning a waiter or a minion. "	 The mythical doctor appeared frequently thereafter and the relevant columns were eventually collected into a book.	male
Heymann is most known for his 1988 design of an environmentally friendly house for then Governor of Texas George W. 	 Heymann is a contributing writer for Places Journal.	male
"For his post-secondary education, he attended Al-Azhar University and a French law school in Cairo. "	" By working as a Europeanized lawyer, Zaghloul gained both wealth and status in a traditional framework of upward mobility."	male
"He told the members that a netsuke was at one time carefully carved by the man who wore it, building something of himself into the design, and although a class of professional netsuke makers arose later, whose work might have been more technically adept, it was ordinarily cold, stiff, and without imagination. ... "	" Missing was the element of the amateur carver, which causes these netsuke to be esteemed so much higher by the collector than the commercial product carved for money."	male
"Six years later he succeeded Johann Friedrich Dieffenbach (1794–1847) as Director of the Clinical Institute for Surgery and Ophthalmology at the Charité in Berlin, and remained there till 1882, when failing health forced him to retire. "	" Langenbeck was a bold and skillful surgeon, but preferred not to operate while other means afforded a prospect of success."	male
"He was offered the position but turned it down, and it was offered to Max Born. "	" From 1914 to 1919, Laue was at the University of Frankfurt as ordinarius professor of theoretical physics."	male
"At the age of 16, Professor Shonku received his BSc degree with honours in two subjects, Physics and Chemistry. "	 Professor Shonku is a polyglot who knows 69 languages.	male
"In October 1977, he emigrated to the United States and was offered a position at the Naval Underwater Systems Center. "	 This position is that of a senior scientist and technical specialist on the staff of the Associate Technical Director for Research and Technology with the responsibility to insure the development of a comprehensive and balanced technology base within the Center.	male
In 1940  he sued the New York Graphic Society for reproducing a painting without his permission. 	" While initially the ruling went against the painter, it was eventually reversed; the decision now protects artists' creative works."	male
"His most famous works are Alpiakan manushak (dedicated to Arpenik Charents, the first wife of Yeghishe Charents), Lar-Markar, Namak rusats tagavorin (A Letter to the Russian Tsar), Kyores (1935) etc. "	" Bakunts also was a film-writer (Zangezur, etc.)."	male
"The event saw assistant referees being allowed to intervene an ongoing game, in particular to help the match official apply the 10-metre rule when deciding free-kicks – as well as warn the referee instantly if he had booked or ejected the wrong player, something that was not possible in previous tournaments. "	" Also, fourth officials were given a larger role in assisting to take command of the match if any decisions are gone unnoticed by the referee or an assistant referee."	male
"He also discovered that when they reacted with each other, the particles that were released had far more energy than they started with. "	 Oliphant left the Cavendish Laboratory in 1937 to become the Poynting Professor of Physics at the University of Birmingham.	male
He died under mysterious circumstances at Canoe Lake in 1917. 	" Friends of the painter erected a cairn and totem pole memorial on Hayhurst Point, near the north end of the lake."	male
"His son Naweej expanded the empire further and is known as the first Lunda emperor, with the title Mwata Yamvo (mwaant yaav, mwant yav), the Lord of Vipers. "	 The mwata yamvo assigned a cilool or kilolo (royal adviser) and tax collector to each state conquered.	male
"In 2003, he directed a feature film adaptation of the manga Azumi, and Sky High, a prequel to the popular Japanese television drama. "	" Also in 2003, Kitamura served as producer for the film Battlefield Baseball, the directorial debut of Versus co-writer Yūdai Yamaguchi."	male
During his tenure as the head coach of the Michigan Tech Huskies Mancini led the Huskies to three Western Collegiate Hockey Association Final Five appearances. 	 Mancini served as an assistant coach and the director of player personnel for the USA Hockey National Team Development Program from 1997-2000.	male
"He obtained a law degree Rigorosum, the oral part of the doctoral examination in 1865, in Vienna, since at the time he was already employed and had been practicing. "	" Thanks to the certificate issued by Miklosich stating that besides being a native speaker of Serbian and Italian (Bogišić) speaks all other Slavic languages, after obtaining a PhD in Giessen, in 1862/63 Bogišić was hired as an administrator of the Slavia Department at the Viennese court library."	male
"Of his many novels, the first, Im Baune des schwarzen Adlers (1876), is considered by many critics his best. "	 Gottschall was active as an editor and compiler of anthologies.	male
"When in 1821 Comet Nicollet-Pons was observed, he provided the elements of its orbit. "	 Staudt's professional career began as a secondary school instructor in Würzburg until 1827 and then Nuremberg until 1835.	male
"There he was awarded in 1987 a doctorate in theoretical physics under André Verbeure with dissertation Exacte resultaten voor het spin-Boson model (Exact results for the spin boson model), written in Flemish. "	 From 1989 to 1990 Nachtergaele was an instructor at the University of Chile.	male
"H. the Prince of Wales visit in 1875–6, from William S. Potter to his sister, one could make a stronger case for Potter, as there are similarities in writing style between the book of letters and The Romance of Lust. "	 Ashbee asserts that Potter acted as editor to contributions by a number of aficionados.	male
"He was an unsuccessful candidate for the South Dakota Senate in 1894, but in 1896, he ran successfully for South Dakota Attorney General, defeating the nominees of the Republican and Prohibition parties. "	" As attorney general, Grigsby was responsible for ending the investigation into supposedly missing funds in the office of the State Auditor."	male
"It is the life of an author and a scholar, who through hard work and conscientious effort, secured for himself an honorable place among Spain's men of letters. "	" Hartzenbusch was the chief librarian at the Biblioteca Nacional, National Library, from 1862 to 1875, and was an indefatigable editor of many national classics."	male
"During the winter of 1918 at the Gleizes' rented house in Pelham New York, writes Daniel Robbins, Albert Gleizes came to his wife and said, A terrible thing has happened to me: I believe I am finding God. "	" This new religious conviction resulted not from any mystical visions but instead from Gleizes' rational confrontation of three urgent problems: collective order, individual differences and the painter's role."	male
"Carlos Catasse (1944 – January 19, 2010), born Carlos Tapia Sepúlveda in Santiago, Chile, formed his new last name by combining the first two letters of his first, middle and last names. "	 Catasse is a Chilean painter of international recognition.	male
"Of his mother, Eulenburg wrote: My mother, whom I deeply adored, the ideal figure who filled my whole being with boundless love, fired my inspiration. "	" Keenly interested in music, Eulenburg enjoyed considerable success as a writer of ballads."	male
He retreats to the swamps while they take over the museum on top of the hill where he used to live. 	 The diary described the fugitive as a writer from Venezuela sentenced to life in prison.	male
"In 1982, he was arrested for anti-Soviet activity and sentenced for 3 years in exile in the Komi Republic. "	 1997--co-founder and editor-en-chief of internet magazine Russian journal.	male
"He later took a job as a clerk at a pulp and paper mill in Liverpool, Nova Scotia, where he began his writing career. "	" Raddall was a prolific, award-winning writer."	male
Professor Hirotaro Narabayashi and his colleagues were the first researchers to carry out stereotactic amygdalotomy for the treatment of abnormal aggression and hyperexcitability in a series of 60 patients with psychological disturbances. 	" The procedure was performed under a stereotactic frame devised by Professor Narabayashi and involved the administration 0.6-0.8ml mixture of oil-wax to destroy the lateral groups of the amygdala nucleus, localized via pneumoencephalography."	male
"Martin Irving Glickman (August 14, 1917 – January 3, 2001) was an American radio announcer who was famous for his broadcasts of the New York Knicks basketball games and the football games of the New York Giants and the New York Jets. "	 Glickman was a noted track and field athlete and football star at Syracuse University.	male
Upon his resignation from the Center for Inquiry he launched the Institute for Science and Human Values as a separate entity. 	" Kurtz was editor-in-chief of ISHV's journal, The Human Prospect: A NeoHumanist Perspective."	male
"From that year until his death, eight years later in Rome, he was honorary president of the PCI. "	 Longo was also a prolific writer.	male
"Historically, once in possession of the benefice, the holder had lifelong tenure unless he failed to provide the required minimum of spiritual services or committed a moral offence. "	" At one time, an incumbent might choose to enjoy the income of the benefice and appoint an assistant curate to discharge all the spiritual duties of the office at a lesser salary."	male
"His work in the foundations of geometry predates the similar, but more popular, work of David Hilbert by about a decade. "	 Fano was an early writer in the area of finite projective spaces.	male
"Hardman, in partnership with his physician brother, William B. Hardman, opened the Hardman Sanitorium in Harmony Grove, the most advanced hospital facility in northeast Georgia at that time. "	 It was soon claimed that Hardman had become a nationally renowned physician.	male
"He attended Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan on an academic scholarship, before deciding to focus solely on his musical career. "	 Carlock built a 16-track recording studio and continued to develop as a producer and writer.	male
"That year Nicieza did his first work for rival publisher DC Comics, co-writing Justice League: Midsummer Nightmare with Mark Waid which relaunched the Justice League as the JLA. "	 Later in 1996 Nicieza joined Acclaim Comics as senior vice-president and editor-in-chief.	male
He is an Honoured Man of the Aktubinsk region. 	" Lonchakov has logged over 1400 hours of flight time, is a Class 1 Air Force pilot, and a paratroop training instructor with 526 jumps."	male
1 May] 1905 to a Russian-Ukrainian working-class family; he graduated from the St. 	 Tikhonov worked as an assistant engineer from 1924 to 1926.	male
"Second, the jury's role was only advisory; the judge could disregard the jury's sentencing recommendation, but had to explain his reasoning if he did. "	 The trial judge must independently reweigh the aggravating factors against the mitigating factors.	male
"Previously, the local doctor, Martin Stensgard (Walter Huston) and his wife (Ruth Gordon) wanted to hold on to the pretense of gracious living and ignore the occupiers. "	" The doctor would also prefer to stay neutral, but is torn."	male
"In 1999 he hosted an eight-part primetime series for ABC Nightline called Brave New World (which frequently featured his friends, They Might Be Giants, as musical guests). "	" Krulwich, in 2004, became the host and managing editor of the innovative PBS science program NOVA scienceNOW."	male
He wrote and directed the films The Stoned Age (aka: Tack's Chicks) and The Jerky Boys: The Movie. 	" Melkonian is also an advertising writer, producer and director."	male
"The expression parasaito shinguru was first used by Professor Masahiro Yamada of Tokyo Gakugei University in his bestselling book The Age of Parasite Singles (パラサイトシングルの時代, parasaito shinguru no jidai), published in October 1999. "	 Professor Yamada subsequently coined the related term parasite couple to refer to married children living with the parents of one partner.	male
He was from noble family of Lubicz coat of arms. 	 Wróblewski was a notable lawyer and docent of administration and administrative law at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	male
"In 1948 Heilman joined the University of Washington faculty, as chair of the English department, which he led until his retirement in 1971. "	" Heilman contributed for 60 years to the Sewanee Review, and was an advisory editor for nearly 30 years."	male
"During his time on the National Security Council of President Bush, he was involved in several Iraq strategy reviews, including the one that led to the 2007 surge strategy. "	" As a professor, Feaver has been the recipient of numerous teaching awards."	male
"During the second world war Caulfield's family returned to Bolton in 1945, where his parents were born, to work at the De Havilland factory. "	" Leaving Acton Secondary Modern at the age of 15, Caulfield secured a position as a filing clerk at Crosse & Blackwell and later transferred to the design studio, working on food display and carrying out menial tasks."	male
"He received a BA from Carleton College, a PhD in Management from the MIT Sloan School of Management, and holds four honorary doctorates. "	" Further on Meadows has been a tenured professor in faculties of management, engineering, and social sciences."	male
He then served as a member of the Providence Charter Revision Commission from 1939 to 1940. 	" When the Democratic Party returned to power in 1940, Pastore was appointed assistant attorney general in charge of the criminal calendar, serving in that position until 1944."	male
"However, this particular group of gay men drank significantly more than the rest of the group and eventually began to exhibit a loud, rowdy, and vulgar brand of behavior that made the straight men uncomfortable. "	" The problem came to a head when a gay instructor attempted suicide by overdosing on APC (aspirin, phenacetin, and caffeine) tablets after being spurned by another soldier."	male
"Solari joined the Seahawks staff in 2008, he changed its offensive line scheme to more zone blocking. "	 Solari joined the Packers staff as an offensive line assistant following the 2014 season.	male
They later moved to Western Australia where he attended Perth High School (now known as Hale School). 	 Bessell-Browne first job was as a clerk in the patents office in 1896.	male
"In 1891 he was commissioned by the Mexican government to create statues of national heroes for Paseo de la Reforma, in Mexico City. "	" Alciati was appointed professor of sculpture, decoration and modelling at the Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1895."	male
"When the Redskins advanced to Super Bowl XXVI, Kornheiser and his Post colleagues Jeanne McManus and Norman Chad drove in a 38-foot recreational vehicle decorated as the Bandwagon for a 1,200-mile journey to Minneapolis, Minnesota. "	 Kornheiser later described the Bandwagon columns as the most fun I ever had as a writer.	male
"However, he completed his graduation from Madras Christian College, Chennai. "	 Ganesan's dream was to become a doctor.	male
"During the next two months he flew six more sorties against targets including Berlin, Hamburg and Karlsruhe, before being posted to No. "	 14 Operational Training Unit as an instructor.	male
"Michael Kelly, who edited some of Glass's concocted stories, blamed himself, rather than the fact-checkers, saying: Any fact-checking system is built on trust ... "	" Anyway, the real vetting system is not fact-checking but the editor."	male
Lao She lived there until his death 16 years later. 	 The courtyard contains persimmon trees planted by the writer.	male
All agencies found his comments were not substantiated with factual data and his motivation was due to his upcoming termination. 	 TEA found the CFO had incorrectly used federal funds.	male
"Before this volume, Excursions en Roumélie et en Morée (Excursions in Rumelia and Morea) (Zürich 1863, 2 vols.) was published, in which she tried to show that 19th-century Germany had the same civilizing task as Ancient Greece. "	 D'Istria was also a painter.	female
"She continued horse riding, and also enjoyed surfing. "	" Rolton enjoyed coaching children in swimming and horse riding, and decided to become a riding instructor."	female
"The two women walked roughly 100 yards (91 m) to the gangway and boarded, at which point Sztáray relaxed her hold on Elisabeth's arm. "	" Sztáray called for a doctor, but only a former nurse, a fellow passenger, was available."	female
"Although Müller has revealed little about the specific people or books that have influenced her, she has acknowledged the importance of her university studies in German and Romanian literature, and particularly of the contrast between the two languages. "	" The two languages, the writer says, look differently even at plants."	female
"When Pohorylle moved to Paris in 1934 to escape the anti-Semitism of Hitler's Germany she met the photojournalist Endre Friedmann, a Hungarian Jew, learned photography and became his personal assistant. "	 Pohorylle began to work for Alliance Photo as a picture editor.	female
"In the appendix section of the novel, Ann Smith describes how she was inspired to write the fantasy. "	" Seola is a fantasy, revealed to the writer while listening to the performance of an extraordinary musical composition."	female
"She is a former co-editor of The Journal of Human Resources, a Research Associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research, and she chairs the Technical Review Committee for the National Longitudinal Surveys. "	 Professor Hellerstein is an internationally renowned labor economist.	female
"In 1913, she was appointed to serve as Professor of Economics at Wellesley, following the resignation of political economist Katharine Coman, who had founded the Department. "	" That same year, Balch was promoted from Associate Professor to Professor of Political Economy and of Political and Social Science."	female
	" The judge ruled that the RIAA's withdrawal of the case--after one and a half years of litigation--did not immunize it from possible liability for attorneys fees, holding that the defendant was a prevailing party under the Copyright Act."	female
She defended her Ph.D. thesis in social science in 1968. 	" Rantalaiho served as professor of sociology at the University of Lapland in 1988–1989, and in public health science at the University of Tampere in 1990–1998."	female
"Brought in as an assistant, Dirse was hired to help the teenage subjects of the documentary feel “less threatened” by having her behind the camera. "	" After shooting Adoption Stories, Dirse began working on commercial shoots as well as second-unit and second-assistant jobs on numerous Hollywood and television projects."	female
"What now?, published in April 2008, is an essay based on a commencement speech she delivered at her alma mater in 2006. "	 Patchett is the editor of the 2006 volume of the anthology series The Best American Short Stories.	female
"Back in Germany, Proll's attempted murder charge was dropped when it was gathered that the state had withheld information that could have cleared her but she was still sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on account of bank robbery and falsifying documents; however, she had already spent at least two-thirds of that time in German and English prisons and therefore was released immediately. "	 Proll went on to study film and photography at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg and later became a picture editor for magazine and newspaper.	female
"Between 1966 and 1968, she published three novels to critical acclaim: The Cat Who Could Read Backwards, The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern, and The Cat Who Turned On and Off. "	 The rising mystery writer then disappeared from the publishing scene for 18 years.	female
"She joined the Goddard Space Flight Center in 1991, and wanted to become an astronaut. "	 Nakamura was appointed an assistant professor with tenure at Nagoya University.	female
"In her first year as Resident Director at Belvoir, Sarks directed an adaptation of Medea, which she co-wrote with Kate Mulvany. "	" Sarks had also worked, as assistant director and dramaturg, on another show nominated in that category, Thyestes."	female
"One year ago, I didn't think I'd be able to train again, she said. "	 Gymnastics just wasn't in the equation until my surgeon said that anything I did to my feet couldn't make them worse--so I decided to go for it again.	female
"In her capacity as a writer, she also became the first Hispanic opinion maker contributor for Facebook’s new platform “Bulletin.” "	" Arrarás is also an investigative reporter and writer, and has authored several books."	female
"In 2009, student Robin Yerkes secured Roanoke's fourth national championship when she won an individual championship in the Division III women's 400m track and field event. "	" Yerkes is the most decorated athlete ever to graduate from Roanoke, earning 12 All-American honors in multiple events."	female
"The name, she later explained in an interview, referred to a woman who is industrious and helps her community... women are called ' obaa sima ' when they have made it through their own efforts – it is the embodiment of the traditional woman. "	" Abbam was owner, editor and principal contributor to the magazine."	female
"Another letter, given to the FBI in August of that year and said to have been written by a woman in Colorado Springs, Colorado, was postmarked from Oakland, California. "	" That letter, written in February, made reference to seven small dolls which the writer stated would be altered to look as though they were seven real Chinese dolls, designed to mimic a family of parents, grandparents and three children."	female
"She also said, I enjoyed being in the band immensely, I’m glad I did it. "	 Berenyi later worked for a magazine as a sub-editor and did not perform for many years.	female
"In 1973, she received her doctorate from Erich Hubala at the University of Kiel with a thesis on Guido Reni. "	" From 1986 to 1991, Schmidt-Linsenhoff was co-editor of the art journal Kritische Berichte."	female
"Days later, she jumped the two metres height for the first time on home soil at the IAAF Grand Prix Zagreb. "	" Although Hestrie Cloete won the competition overall, Vlašić's defeat of the psychological barrier and improved personal best was the highlight of the meeting and Cloete praised the young athlete's performance."	female
"The impression given to the audience was that, because of the restraints and limited room in the box, the assistant's waist must have been in the path of the saw and she would surely have been cut through. "	" Finally the box was opened and the assistant, still with ropes attached, was revealed as unharmed."	female
"She received her Ph.D. from Purdue University in 1986, where she worked on molecular-beam epitaxy. "	 Kolodziejski joined the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Purdue University as an assistant professor in 1986.	female
"An acquaintance of the Countess of Werdenberg, she works for the Mitleid corporation and tries to change the sky back to its original shape, which she succeeds in doing. "	" Professor Enuma dies, after the tower collapses."	female
Browne encouraged her dancers to also choreograph for the company and created works herself that reflected her humanistic viewpoints. 	" Browne worked in the company as artistic director, resident choreographer and teacher."	female
"She subsequently broke the record later that year at the Memorial Van Damme in Brussels with a 4.92 m jump, her eighth world record of the season. "	 Isinbayeva was named World Athlete of the Year for winning the Olympic & World Indoor title and breaking the World record eight times.	female
"In the novel, a young woman lawyer goes to court to reclaim land for a native Band, but from the outset of the trial, things go badly, and a disturbing level of confrontation builds. "	" When the young lawyer and the aging judge journey back to their childhoods, it becomes clear that the courtroom drama merely brushes the surface of both wider and more personal dramas."	female
"In 1967, her first novel, The Fat Woman's Joke was published. "	" I thought this was because I was a wonderful writer, But it wasn't."	female
"Her father is a Presbyterian minister, her mother a nurse; her family also includes three sisters and two brothers. "	" With medicine strong in the family, it was natural for Hogg to become a doctor."	female
During the fellowship she was taught by H. 	" Then Migeon began as an instructor in Pediatrics at Hopkins working in cytogenetics which was only just starting, as cytogeneticists were beginning to identify the chromosomal basis of various diseases."	female
She is buried in Kensal Green Cemetery in London. 	" A gifted and varied writer, Pardoe published many books on varied subjects that strayed across genres and often had an international perspective."	female
"February 20, 2011) - as herself performing violin with Rihanna. "	 Nakano is also a music instructor.	female
"Later, she completed a master's degree at Humphrey School of Public Affairs. "	 Glidden worked as an employment and civil rights lawyer for over a decade.	female
"Maddow has said her family is very, very Catholic and she grew up in a community that her mother has described as very conservative. "	" Maddow was a competitive athlete and participated in high school volleyball, basketball, and swimming."	female
"In 1973, she left Maki and founded a new party, Aki (Hebrew: אקי, an acronym for Opozitzia Komunistit Yisraelit (Hebrew: אופוזיציה קומוניסטית ישראלית), lit. "	" Israeli Communist Opposition), serving as editor of its monthly paper."	female
"In 1922, she became the principle of a kindergarten primary training school in Cleveland, Ohio. "	" After directing this move, Arbuthnot became an associate professor at the university."	female
"In 1871 she married Major John Swiney (1832–1918), and devoted herself to becoming a full-time wife and mother. "	" Since 1890, Swiney was a feminist activist, lecturer, and writer in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire."	female
"Daneh Ghorbani was Edmund's wife, but she left him more than ten years before The Fall. "	" Daneh was a doctor before The Fall, specializing in (genetic) Change-related complications."	female
"In the meantime, her husband had the responsibility of moving out of the country the treasuries of the Museo del Prado to preserve them from the war devastation. "	 The next years Chacel lived in relative obscurity: a well-known writer but one who had made no new projects in years.	female
"Prior to her service in local government, Suzanne served as Vanderburgh County Republican Central Committee Chairman for four years. "	 Crouch was elected Vanderburgh County Auditor in 1994.	female
She became an aunt when her brother and sister-in-law gave birth to their son João Miguel in 2009. 	 Penicheiro also enjoys listening to R&B music and is an avid collector of watches and clothes.	female
"In addition, she is affiliated with the youth organization La Cámpora. "	 Nahón was a professor at the National University of Quilmes and a CONICET scholar.	female
"Ringen earned her Ph.D. in Linguistics from Indiana University in 1975, with a dissertation entitled Vowel Harmony: Theoretical Implications. "	 Ringen was co-editor of the Nordic Journal of Linguistics from 2001–2015.	female
"Brisson also played several seasons for Montreal Axion, a professional women's ice hockey team in the National Women's Hockey League. "	 Brisson was a former professor in kinesiology at the University of New Brunswick.	female
She earned a Masters in physiology and biophysics at Cornell University in 1948. 	" Whilst a research assistant, Stoll invented a liquid cell for the Infrared spectrophotometer."	female
Lithiby continued with the work and in due course donated twenty watercolours to the Imperial War Museum which form a rare artistic record of the work of women in military service at the time. 	" From 1920 to 1939, Lithiby worked as a figure and landscape painter and muralist."	female
"Several years later, Döll began her research on global and regional modeling of water availability and use at the University of Kassel. "	" Döll is currently a professor of hydrology and researcher at the Institute of Physical Geography, Goethe University Frankfurt."	female
Deeb would then start using the nickname “the professor” and hosting a “5 minute rookie challenge” where she dominates her inexperienced adversaries. 	" Outside the ring, Deeb works as a yoga instructor."	female
"On leaving Swansea in 2000, Rowett became Reader in Greek Culture at the University of Liverpool and then 2003 she moved to the University of East Anglia as a lecturer in philosophy. "	 Rowett became Reader in 2006 and then Professor of Philosophy in 2008.	female
"Much of the humor derives from Creech's playful use of language: When Mary Lou's mother forbids her using the words God, stupid, and stuff, Mary Lou makes a foray into the thesaurus with hilarious results. "	" Tightly written, nary a word out of place, by turns sarcastic, tender, and irreverent, this a real piece of comedy about contemporary teen life from one funny writer."	female
Deborah Feyerick spent her early childhood in France and UK before moving to the United States. 	 During college Feyerick worked at NBC as a news assistant.	female
to be dedicated in her memory.[citation needed] It is the first film of Tarantino's that Menke has not edited. 	 Menke's feature film credits as editor are tabulated below.	female
"In 2016, she began serving as the State Bar of Arizona’s first Asian American (female) president. "	 Loo’s employment at the university began in 1993 after several years of practicing as a corporate lawyer.	female
"The Lunch Ladies are cleaning Friday's leftovers when the janitor locks them in the school, where they die by Sunday night. "	 The janitor unknowingly buries them at a haunted hill.	female
She has explained that her sexual activity was a way for her to achieve the emotional validation missing from her relationships with family and friends. 	" Ketcham is an avid painter and sees it as a healthy outer circle activity, as well as a new source of income."	female
"Her name remained on the ballot, and she received 3,210 votes (8.53%) to finish fourth against Liberal candidate Anita Neville. "	 Rattai was a 33-year-old accountant.	female
"Her more recent work has focused on self-portraiture and the depiction of interior, personal spaces, which attempt to demonstrate that a woman approaching her 40s can live alone in an apartment and produce significant artistic output. "	" Micu is a realist painter, working with photography, sketching, graphite drawings, and easel painting."	female
"Later, however, she refused to sing light classical, saying she sang only ragas. "	 Hangal served as honorary music professor of the Karnataka University.	female
Then for two years she was editor of a computer group's house magazine. 	" Somerville joined the BBC in 1972 as a sub-editor in the radio newsroom, and then became a reporter in 1978."	female
"She gave birth to two children, Princess Sentelweyinkhosi and Princess Sibusezweni. "	 Masango was a painter.	female
"She grew up in Uppsala, Uppland, and was the Swedish national decathlon champion before she competed in the pageant. "	" A remarkable athlete, Rombin excelled in gymnastics, track & field, and downhill skiing."	female
"In her writings, Grainytė pays a lot of attention to the sentence structure, the topicality, and the paradoxical quality of the imagery she constructs. "	 The writer often erases the boundaries between literary discourse and everyday speech	female
"After a year of training, she worked in mission control as a spacecraft communicator (CAPCOM). "	 Hire flew as Mission Specialist-2 on STS-90 Neurolab (1998) and logged over 381 hours in space.	female
"In the process of adapting her own animated screenplay into a full-length, two-act libretto for the stage, Woolverton contributed several distinct changes to the material, specifically instilling more emotional depth into each main character. "	 The writer expanded the story by both fleshing out each character and allowing room for new musical numbers.	female
"Doors of her home were always open to those in need of help, she received hundreds of people every year, biographer Kizimova wrote. "	 The singer's tactfulness and restraint were a matter of legends.	female
"In October 2020, she was appointed as the next C.L. "	" Peck, Class of 1906 Professor in the School of Engineering."	female
"Prior to her appointment at UNH, Goodwin was the Director of Instrumental Music at Marshwood High School in South Berwick, ME. "	 Working directly under the director are a Percussion Instructor and a Color Guard Instructor.	female
"She owns half of Grammnet Productions, which has produced a number of television shows from the late 1990s through 2010s, including Girlfriends, Medium and The Game. "	" Within the production company, Grammer has worked as a creator, writer and executive producer."	female
"In 1993 she enrolled at the Lahti Design Institute in Finland, studying gemmology under the direction of Esko Timonen and completed her studies at Bernd Munsteiner's lapidary studio in Germany. "	 Mälk has been assigned to the Estonian Academy of Arts since 1989 and has been a professor in the jewelry department at the school since 1996.	female
The Japanese high court upheld the lower court ruling in favor of Itō ordering Yamaguchi to pay 3.3 million yen to her. 	 The presiding judge concluded that Yamaguchi began sexual intercourse with an unconscious Itō.	female
"Weizmann replied half a year later, supporting her desire to receive a post of pathologist but explaining administrative structures first needed to be established. "	 Finally matters were sorted out and Getzowa was engaged as a pathological specialist.	female
"She was named as an alternate to the team and traveled with them to Seoul, but was not called upon to compete. "	" Omelianchik remains heavily involved in gymnastics as a choreographer, coach and judge."	female
Barbara Romanowicz is the daughter of Kazimierz Romanowicz and Zofia Romanowiczowa. 	" From 1979 to 1981, Romanowicz was a postdoctoral research assistant at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."	female
"In April 1950, Spangler's sister Betsy testified that neither she nor her sister were ever acquainted with Ogul, Cohen, or any of his associates. "	" The hotel clerk identified Spangler from a photograph, but neither Ogul nor Spangler's names appeared on the hotel register."	female
"While writing it, she started a job as a mathematics and physics teacher at a secondary school, and was appointed as a physical geography and geology teacher at the Katholieke Leergangen in Tilburg. "	" Hol was appointed professor in 1945, succeeding Oestreich."	female
She emigrated to New Zealand with her family at the age of eleven. 	" Smythe finished high school and started work on a communications degree, but left college to train as a fitness instructor."	female
Judith Ortiz Cofer notes that switching between the perspectives of Marisol and Guzmán is part of the autobiographical style of her prose. 	" As a writer, I feel absolutely at liberty to cross over boundaries."	female
"Her education was at Marist Sisters' College, Woolwich, an all girl secondary school in the suburbs of Sydney. "	 When I sat there I didn't know I would leave and become a professional sailor and maritime lawyer.	female
Supervised by Eckard Lefèvre she gained her doctorate in Latin Philology (doctoral thesis: Ovid's monologue). 	" Since 1993, Auhagen has worked at the University of Freiburg, first as a research assistant, since 1995 as a research associate, in the area Transitions and tensions between orality and scribality."	female
"Oppenheimer decided to make her radio character more like Baby Snooks: less sophisticated, more childlike, scheming, and impulsive "	" CBS quickly signed Oppenheimer as the show's head writer, producer, and director."	female
The women's 4 × 180 metres relay event at the 1972 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Grenoble. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 180 metres track.	female
The area she was based in was poor and people had trouble affording the consultation and medicine fees. 	" During the Blitz, Billig was the doctor in charge of the air raid shelters in Wapping."	female
"She served as editor-in-chief of Openspace.ru until 2012, when she left the publication along with the majority of her editorial staff due to a withdrawal of funding from private investors. "	" Funded using crowdfunding platform Planeta.ru, Colta.ru guaranteed Stepanova more editorial freedom as editor-in-chief."	female
The first findings of this project is presented in her book À la recherche de la Rome antique. 	 Moatti has been a full professor at USC since 2004.	female
"Although Oracle initially tries to discourage Brown from crime-fighting, she eventually comes to accept her as Batgirl. "	 Oracle later takes a job as an assistant professor at Gotham University.	female
Her PhD thesis was entitled Fluctuations in systems far from equilibrium. 	 Marchetti was an assistant professor at Syracuse University from 1987 to 1997.	female
"In 1958, she was appointed as Curator of Scunthorpe Museum. "	 Hawkes was a research assistant at the Institute of Archaeology from 1959 to 1973.	female
"The high percentage of women working part-time has been explained by social norms and the historical context of the country, where women were among the last in Europe to enter the workforce, and when they did, most of them did so on a part-time basis; according to The Economist, fewer Dutch men had to fight in the World Wars of the 20th century, and so Dutch women did not experience working for pay at rates women in other countries did. "	 Research in 2016 led by professor Stijn Baert (Ghent University) debunked the idea that part-time work by students is an asset for their CV in respect of later employment chances.	female
"From 1997 to 1998, Stang was an instructor in the Department of Food Science and Nutrition at University of Wisconsin–Stout where she taught courses in Maternal and Child Nutrition and Geriatric Nutrition and Medical Terminology. "	" From 1998 to 2005, Stang served as a continuing education specialist and project director for the leadership, education, and training program in maternal and child nutrition at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health."	female
"Kulkarni was born in Bijapur, Karnataka and her parents moved to Australia in 1961 when she was three years old. "	 Kulkarni worked as a doctor specialising in accident and emergency medicine before becoming a psychiatrist.	female
"The 1984 publication of The House on Mango Street secured her a succession of writer-in-residence posts at universities in the United States, teaching creative writing at institutions such as the University of California, Berkeley and the University of Michigan. "	 Cisneros has also worked as a college recruiter and an arts administrator.	female
"She now broadly supports the Labour Party, although she was critical of its left-wing leader, Jeremy Corbyn. "	 Toynbee previously worked as social affairs editor for the BBC and also for The Independent newspaper.	female
"In the 1940s, women were barred from a number of professions. "	" These included being a magistrate, diplomat, notary, customs officer, stock broker, and prison doctor."	female
She started throwing at the age of 12 and at 13 threw 37m58cm to win the English Schools Championships. 	 At the age of 16 Holroyd threw 52m50 and became a senior international athlete.	female
She became part of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Birmingham as a research fellow in the Centre for the Study of Global Ethics in 2001. 	" Widdows has continued to work there since, becoming a lecturer in 2003, senior lecturer in 2005, and professor of global ethics in 2009."	female
"In 2002, she was a visiting scholar at the Department of Classics of the University of Texas at Austin. "	 Olasope began teaching at the University of Ibadan as an Assistant Lecturer in 1997.	female
"Sveitabrúðkaup (English: Country Wedding), her directorial debut, premiered in Iceland in August 2008. "	" Valdís was the primary editor on the following films, unless noted otherwise."	female
Her television career began when she was asked to write scripts as she was procrastinating while writing her PhD dissertation. 	" This led, within two years, to a writer's position for Charmed."	female
"During her university years, she was a socialist. "	" After university, Mantel worked in the social work department of a geriatric hospital and then as a sales assistant in a department store."	female
"Pimentel grew up in a liberal family, in her youth she was part of the city council campaign of her PT affiliated uncle. "	 Before becoming a politician Pimentel worked as a college professor.	female
"Her breakout hit was the 2013 recording of Idle No More, where she pays tribute to the struggles of aboriginal people in Canada. "	 Derrickson has won awards as both performer and songwriter.	female
"Some of her subsequent work focused on methodology and theory, including the co-edited volume Bringing the State Back In, which heralded a new focus by social scientists on the state as an agent of social and political change. "	" For the next five years, Skocpol would serve as an Associate Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and of Social Science, Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and Director for the Center for the Study of Industrial Societies."	female
"As she found that art was not the path she wanted to follow, she dived into the world of medicine; Gomperts did not find her calling in the field of reproductive medicine until later on in her medical career. "	" After graduating from medical school, Gompert worked in a small hospital in Guiana as a trainee doctor."	female
She then attended Queen's College of the City University of New York where she obtain degrees in French. 	" Chikwe became a radio journalist, editor and a publisher."	female
"The latest novel No Man's Land (Terre des oublis in French, which won the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle (2007)), perhaps her most successful, was in the final list of the prize Femina 2006 and received the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle in 2007. "	 Dương has been labeled as a dissident writer and been expelled by Vietnam’s Communist party and was imprisoned for a short time in 1991 for remarks criticizing the goals and interests of the party and its members.	female
"On June 4, 2012, she announced that she would not return for the fourth season. "	" Noxon is serving as show-runner, executive producer, writer, and is also directing some episodes."	female
One evening they went to a party held by the club where other members were involved in a gang rape of a teenage girl. 	 The trial judge directed the jury to find whether the teens had participated enough to have aided or abetted the rape under section 21(1) of the Criminal Code or had a common intention to rape the victim under section 21(2) of the Criminal Code.	female
"Together with him, she performed research on Zintl phases. "	" At first, Eisenmann worked as a research assistant."	female
Professor Neelu Rohmetra is the first woman director of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM). 	 Professor Rohmetra has held various academic leadership positions while serving as Professor of Management Studies in University of Jammu.	female
She was raised on the edge of a reservation and attended a Catholic school. 	" (born 1962) Behar is a feminist, anthropologist, poet, writer, and professor."	female
"Prior to this, she was Professor of eLearning at the Institute of Educational Technology in the UK's Open University. "	 Professor Conole was named an EDEN Fellow in 2013 and was awarded a National Teaching Fellowship from the Higher Education Academy and ASCILITE Fellow Award in 2012.	female
"They had six daughters and two sons: Their eldest child died within a year of her birth, and it was on this occasion that Carolina Oliphant, afterwards Baroness Nairne, wrote The Land of the Leal, which she sent to her old friend Mrs. Colquhoun. "	" Colquhoun was a good classical scholar, a sound lawyer, and an eloquent pleader."	female
The women's 4 × 150 metres relay event at the 1967 European Indoor Games was held on 11 and 12 March in Prague. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 150 metres track.	female
"In 1973, she began an internship at the magazine Vanidades. "	" By 1979, Saralegui was editor of the Spanish version of Cosmopolitan magazine."	female
"As of the second semester, she also worked as a freelancer in the sports department of SPORT1. "	" This was followed by activity as a moderator, reporter and editor at the online portal Spox.com, from 2013 to 2014."	female
"She represented England in the javelin, at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. "	 After a 17-year spell as an international athlete Holroyd retired in 2006 due to injury and moved into coaching.	female
"In support of her claim, she relied on case law from the ECHR. "	 The judge noted that Article 12 of the ECHR is equally predicated.	female
Mary Elkinton Nitobe lived in Japan until her death in 1938. 	 Nitobe was a prolific writer.	female
"Born to Tanzanian and Indian parents, she is a lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on education law. "	 Pancholi was a practising lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on labour/employment and education law.	female
While many variations exist the most common depiction of the Windows 98 operating systems is a pair of young girls. 	" The Windows 98 Second Edition OS-tan is similar in appearance, but wears a green sailor school uniform with the letters SE on the front."	female
She divorced her husband in 1937. 	" By the early 1930s, Burgos was already a published writer in journals and newspapers."	female
"In 1985, she completed an honours undergraduate degree in one year, at the age of 19, from the Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. "	" While in Mexico, Tiesler fell in love with a young doctor, who died in 1987."	female
She lost in the quarterfinals against Luo Wei of China after injuring her knee. 	 Solheim is a well known athlete in Norway.	female
"From October 2007 to September 2008, she was a postdoctoral fellow at University of Cambridge through funding from the Economic and Social Research Council. "	 Beers is an associate professor in the department of history at American University College of Arts and Sciences.	female
"In that same year, whilst still working at Triple J, she also became host of a Nine Network children's show, What's Up Doc?. "	 Rowntree went on to become the show's writer/producer.	female
She is the current Women's International Boxing Association lightweight champion. 	 Ro has enjoyed an extensive career as an athlete and as a professional trainer.	female
She soon became interested in figure ice-skating and started regular training in that sport in 1998. 	 Senderek-Wójcik is an International Technical Specialist.	female
"In 1912 several children continued to live with Devereux in her own home in Philadelphia, which became her first private school. "	" During that time, Devereux remained a public school teacher, and employed two assistant teachers to teach and look after students during the day."	female
"According to Kraft Kitchens, when the recipe for Pistachio Pineapple Delight was sent out, an unnamed Chicago food editor renamed it Watergate Salad to promote interest in the recipe when she printed it in her column. "	" Neither the article nor editor has been tracked down, however."	female
She also used her writing skills to create magazine articles and novels. 	" Rabe became the editor of a BattleTech magazine, MechForce Quarterly, in 1995."	female
"In 2002, she earned a M.Sc. in geography with a focus on human-environment relationships at Penn State College of Earth and Mineral Sciences (PSU). "	" From 2002 to 2004, López was an instructor in the department of geography at UPR-RP."	female
"Raised in Osaka, in 1952 she graduated from Ritsumeikan University's law department. "	" After experiencing gender discrimination in the workplace, Kitamura decided to become a lawyer to improve conditions and reduce inequality."	female
"In these competitions, Viktoria won the title The strongest woman in Ukraine. "	 The athlete has performed a dump truck wheel flip three times in 26 seconds.	female
"After finishing high school she attended the Warsaw and Łódź Academies of Music, twice being awarded the Fryderyk Chopin Society Scholarship. "	" Rosca became an assistant professor, but left teaching to concentrate on aperformance career."	female
"After completing her service, she studied for an LLB at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. "	" Shimron, I. Molho, Persky & Co as a lawyer."	female
"She grew up and attended school in Gaborone, where her parents were working. "	 Masisi is an accountant.	female
She called for a bloody struggle against the exploiters and Ukrainian nationalism. 	" Nikiforova was appointed to the position of assistant deputy, but within weeks Makhno stepped down in dissatisfaction with the group's lack of radicalism."	female
The victory of Valla was important for the Fascist regime and the hostility of many leaders for the participation of women in athletic competitions started to decrease. 	" Mussolini used the victory of the Italian athlete for propaganda, as a demonstration of the strength of the Italian race."	female
The Mismade Girl is often performed as a production effect 	" Sometimes the routine will omit the second restacking, and the magician may instead exchange numbers or pictures on the front of those cubes which appear to be out of order, apparently magically moving the divided parts of the assistant's body into the correct order."	female
Jurors accidentally overheard a sidebar dispute between Gutierrez and the presiding judge; Gutierrez interpreted a statement by the judge as tantamount to accusing her of lying and said as much  	" After learning the jury had overheard this exchange, the judge granted Guttierez's motion for a mistrial."	female
"She has authored, co-authored, or contributed to many books. "	 Mitton's career has focused on bringing astronomy to the public - both adults and children - as a writer.	female
A recent example of Western victim blaming would be a civil trial held in 2013 where the Los Angeles School District blamed a 14-year-old girl for the sexual abuse she endured from her middle school teacher. 	" The District's lawyer argued that the minor was responsible for the prevention of the abuse, putting the entire fault on the victim and exempting the perpetrator of any responsibility."	female
"Pittaway joined Chatelaine in 1997 as a freelance editor, and in 1999 started writing her monthly column Broadside. "	 Pittaway departed the magazine after 15 months as editor in chief due to conflicts with the Publisher.	female
She attended North Ealing Primary School and Ealing County Grammar School for Girls. 	" While attending the Guildhall School, Blackman worked as a clerical assistant for the Home Office."	female
She went on to appear in the 2006 film Casino Royale and received a European Golden Globe at the 2008 Italian Golden Globe Awards. 	" Murino was born in Cagliari, Sardinia, and initially wanted to be a doctor."	female
The women's 4 × 340 metres relay event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Rotterdam. 	 Each athlete ran two laps of the 170 metres track.	female
"After graduating, she worked and studied at Grazia Deruta Majolica Pottery, the Artists’ Union of Russia, Tomsk State University and Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity. "	" Drysdale is a painter, a colourist, whose chosen canvases are ceramics."	female
"In 1998 she was invited to Italy by the Gascal club, where she spent several weeks with her family. "	 Lobatch is a coach and judge for the Belarusian Gymnastics Federation.	female
"Many judges are flexible with this rule, especially if the gymnast took a hard fall and needs a minute to shake it off and re-gain her focus. "	 Often the judge or judging assistant will give the gymnast a ten-second warning.	female
"Although she lived in Edinburgh for most of her life, there were several other locations in Scotland that she regularly depicted in her paintings. "	 Black was a prolific painter and as well as landscapes also produced richly coloured flower pieces.	female
"In 2010, she published A Review of Building Evacuation Models: 2nd Edition which reviews different egress drills in order to decide which is appropriate for a given building or situation. "	 Kuligowski was an editor for Pedestrian and Evacuation Dynamics (Springer 2011) in addition to SFPE (Society of Fire Protection Engineers) Handbook of Fire Protection Engineering (Springer 2016).	female
"Among her friends in England were Stella Kramrisch, Heinrich Zimmer, and Penelope Chetwode. "	 Kramrisch described Heimann as a refugee Professor of Sanskrit from Heidelberg.	female
Her job on the Showtime series was her first on a show written for cable 	 Rosenberg initially worked as a consulting producer and writer on the first season.	female
"She was appointed as staff to the state legislature, where she started working in 1883. "	" Dromgoole was a prolific writer, publishing both prose and poetry."	female
"As of 2021, her gold medal is the only one won by a Bulgarian at a Winter Olympic games. "	 Dafovska is an administrator from Chepelare.	female
"Laura Grimond was also the sister of another life peer, Mark Bonham Carter, (1922–1994) who was the victor of the 1958 by-election at Torrington. "	 Grimond was also a prolific writer of pamphlets: see the McManus biography (below) for a complete list of publications.	female
"Her work on clinics in South Africa, in collaboration with the government and work in the civic sphere has led to her specialization in the field. "	 Tromp has spoken at the AZA festival in Pretoria and has been a judge for the PPC Imaginarium Award for Architecture.	female
The women's 4 × 160 metres relay event at the 1966 European Indoor Games was held on 27 March in Dortmund. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 160 metres track.	female
"From 1995 to 1998, she served as a part-time Commissioner of the Australian Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission. "	" Between 1998 and 2007, Evatt served two consecutive, five-year terms as a judge of a tribunal of the World Bank that determines staffing disputes."	female
"As of March 2018, she was pursuing a Doctor of Philosophy degree in pediatric HIV/AIDS, at the School of Biomedical Sciences at the University of Antwerp in Belgium, a task she completed in 2020. "	" Kitaka is a specialist in infectious diseases among children and adolescents, with special interest in HIV/AIDS infections among adolescents."	female
"After Yale, Klobuchar enrolled at the University of Chicago Law School, where she served as an associate editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and earned her Juris Doctor magna cum laude in 1985. "	" After law school, Klobuchar worked as a corporate lawyer."	female
"She continuously renews herself, having developed a personal avant-garde style with some influence from abstract expressionism and surrealism. "	" Outsider art is conventionally considered as one of the trends of informalism, but in this painter it is fused with neo-figurative art, an expressionist revival in modern form of figurative art."	female
"A personal note is the essay on Constance Fenimore Woolson, a woman who played an important if still uncertain role in James' life. "	" This is the only essay in Partial Portraits on a writer of minor significance, and it has provided grist to the mill of biographical speculation."	female
"Apart from her childhood years, Politkovskaya spent no more than a few weeks outside Russia at any one time, even when her life came under threat. "	 Politkovskaya worked for Izvestia from 1982 to 1993 as a reporter and editor of the emergencies and accidents section.	female
"Porter considers herself a black female writer, incorporating the intersectionality of her identities into her work. "	" I do not fear that, because there is some descriptive tag before the word writer, I will be pigeonholed."	female
"Open straight pool championships for a total of seven back-to-back wins, her streak foreclosed after 1978 by the discontinuance of the competition itself. "	 Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete.	female
"A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), she represents District 42A in the north-central Twin Cities metropolitan area. "	" Moller is an assistant attorney for Hennepin County, Minnesota."	female
"Several institutions, schools and streets have been named after her: for instance, in the cities of Dresden, Solingen, Neuss and Calw. "	" It is also recalled that the doctor lived, studied and worked in the Bavarian capital Munich for many years."	female
She attended Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Johnson's School. 	" From 1893 to 1896, Weil worked as an editor and reader at Macmillan publishing house."	female
"In fact, Conceição remained active in the resistance and disguised this by volunteering for the church, as she delivered religious education in the Viqueque parish. "	" Under the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor, Conceição was appointed deputy district administrator for Viqueque."	female
This suited Lynn very well since at one time she was the weight training coach for tennis superstar Martina Navratilova. 	" Later, Conkwright worked as the director of Weider Athlete Promotions and managed Weider contracted athletes."	female
"She was known for extensive preparation for oral arguments and for running a hot bench, where judges ask lawyers plenty of questions. "	" Unprepared lawyers suffered the consequences, but the vigorous questioning was an aid to lawyers seeking to tailor their arguments to the judge's concerns."	female
"While serving as Councilwoman of the City of Villa Park, Pauly received the 2009 Woman of the Year Award from the California Legislative Women's Caucus as part of the Caucus's Women's History Month observances. "	 Pauly served active duty in the United States Air Force as a Public Affairs Specialist.	female
"In March 2008, a teenage girl who filmed the fatal beating of a man on her mobile phone was sentenced to two years' detention in the first prosecution of its kind in the United Kingdom. "	 The judge stated that the courts had to make an example of such youths.	female
Garniers was able to acquire enough money to have three houses and multiple silver objects in her possession. 	 It is believed that Garnier was also an amateur oil painter.	female
"Subsequently, she trained in London as a psychiatric nurse, becoming a Registered Nurse (RN) and a Psychiatric Nurse (PN) before returning to Canada. "	" Bridgman went on to earn the Director of Nursing designation from the University of Saskatchewan, rising to become a nurse administrator."	female
"The poet Phillis Wheatley (c.1753–84) published her book Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral in 1773, three years before American independence. "	" Wheatley was not only the first African American to publish a book, but the first to achieve an international reputation as a writer."	female
She was familiar with the language through her mother who had been born near Münster: the family were still in touch with cousins in Germany which made it easy to spend time with kinsfolk and get used to using the language conversationally. 	" That was followed in 1876 by a diploma for work as a teaching assistant, and by a full teaching diploma in 1878."	female
She organised the German Physical Society German Conference on Physics in 2009. 	" Denz is an editor for Physik Journal, Annalen der Physik and Advanced Optical Materials."	female
"She studied Architecture at University College Dublin, where she shared a drawing desk with Ruairi Quinn. "	 McManus is an accomplished writer.	female
"In 2018 she was appointed as Associate Professor, Indigenous Art History and Curatorship at the Australian National University. "	" Croft has worked as an arts administrator and curator at local, regional, state, federal and international levels since 1990."	female
"Excited about her newly developed style and feeling ever more nationalistic, she wrote to her family in April 1923: I feel myself ever more Brazilian. "	 I want to be the painter of my country.	female
"The problems were noticed when the women went for post-natal check-ups, and the gauze was removed. "	" After the incidents, the hospital has strengthened the episiotomy repair guidelines, which require the doctor to count the number of pieces of gauze together with a nurse after the procedure, to ensure that no gauze is retained in the patient's body."	female
"She said that she would not bring the case to the police (as police had not investigated some attacks on opposition politicians), stating I will not be a part of this comedy. "	 The investigator said that the car caught fire by itself.	female
"Inspired by the Robert De Niro movie Midnight Run, Evanovich decided that her heroine would be a bounty hunter. "	" This occupation provided more freedom for Evanovich as a writer, as bounty hunters do not have a set work schedule and are not forced to wear a uniform."	female
"Following her divorce, she went to work, first as an insurance agent and later as the editor of the women's sections for five weekly newspapers in the Birmingham area. "	 That experience led to a position as a staff writer for the Birmingham News.	female
"Presently, Coffin splits her time between St. "	" Professionally, Coffin is an economist and university professor."	female
An interview with Dr. Kasenally an educator at the University of Mauritius expresses her views on academic freedom in the university. 	 The professor states that in 1970s to 1980s the university was at the forefront of debates.	female
"An article in the December 6, 1919 issue of the Bridgeport Telegram reported Miss Minerva Pious delighted the school with her dramatic reading and added Miss Pious has given very many successful story readings through the past year and will continue the community work. "	 Pious's excellent typing and shorthand in high school led to a job as a stenographer for a judge in Bridgeport.	female
"As a result, most trans women cannot obtain exemption by way of a legal gender change. "	" A military doctor must diagnose the individual with gender identity disorder as mild, medium, or severe - only those who have a severe diagnosis are exempt."	female
"She graduated from the University of Iowa and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where she is now a professor. "	" A former education editor of Newsweek, Hancock is active in several education and children's organizations."	female
"Women at Home was written by Louisa Knapp Curtis, wife of the magazine's publisher Cyrus H. "	" After a year it became an independent publication, with Knapp as editor for the first six years."	female
"In May 2018, she started a nonprofit Nap4Lyme, to raise awareness and money for the Disease. "	" McGee was the co-founder and editor of a health education site FYILiving.com, which was acquired by Action Factory."	female
"In at least one documented case (the trial of the White Rose conspirators), the defense lawyer assigned to Sophie Scholl chastised her the day before the trial, stating that she would pay for her crimes. "	 The presiding judge would read the charges and then call the accused forward for examination.	female
"Her aunt and uncle, Nellie McCoy and Bob Uke Hanshaw, were vaudeville performers. "	" Hanshaw aspired to be a portrait painter, studying at the National School of Design for a year."	female
"On 10 August 2015, she was appointed to the role of deputy manager to the CCB (Center for Cybersecurity in Belgium, the central authority in charge of cybersecurity in Belgium). "	" Clouner is the founder and administrator of FedISA Belgium, the Belgian branch of the federation for Information Lifecyle Management, Storage and Archiving."	female
She spoke for the dockers at public meetings and on street corners. 	 Besant was a prolific writer and a powerful orator.	female
In 1971 she established the Nigerian University Palynology Laboratory. 	 Sowunmi was appointed Professor of Palynology and Environmental Archaeology in 1982.	female
"In 2011, she participated in Sony TV's Maa Exchange along with mother Jaya Sawant. "	" Often appearing in reality shows as a host, judge or participant, Sawant is a regular stage performer."	female
"Hindley was increasingly drawn to the Roman Catholic Church after she started at Ryder Brow Secondary Modern, and began taking instruction for formal reception into the Church soon after Higgins's funeral. "	 Hindley's first job was as a junior clerk at a local electrical engineering firm.	female
"She is a graduate of Bethlehem's Freedom High School and Villanova University, from which she holds both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in political science. "	" From 1987 to 1993, Boscola was a Northampton County deputy court administrator."	female
She was ordained priest in 2010 in the Diocese of Karlstad by Bishop Esbjörn Hagberg. 	 Johannesson was accepted as an associate professor of religious philosophy at Uppsala University in 2015.	female
"While the arbitration panel did concede that Răducan had not gained any advantage by taking the pseudoephedrine, and that she was an underage athlete who had followed her team physician's instructions, they also upheld the IOC's decision. "	" The basis for their decision was the belief that the Anti-Doping Code of the Olympics had to be enforced without compromise, regardless of the intentions or age of the athlete."	female
In 2012 she became the Alfred Deakin Professor at Deakin University. 	 Forsyth is a research Professor at the University of the Basque Country in Spain.	female
"Auditor Hafer campaigned hard, but hurt herself when during the campaign she called the governor a redneck Irishman. "	 Auditor Hafer was defeated by thirty-six percentage points in one of the most lopsided gubernatorial elections in state history.	female
"With this thesis, in 1920 she graduated from the University of Sheffield with the degree of MD, the first woman to do so. "	" Appointment as assistant medical officer of health for Blackburn, Lancashire, followed."	female
"After an undergraduate at the University of Canterbury (where she edited the student paper Canta) and University of British Columbia, Pickles completed a 1996 PhD titled 'Representing twentieth century Canadian colonial identity : the Imperial Order Daughters of the Empire (IODE)' at McGill University. "	" Pickles returned to the University of Canterbury, rising to full professor."	female
"She chose to use her mother's maiden name, Kridakorn. "	" After the coup, the PDRC transformed into the People's Democratic Reform Foundation (PDRF) with Chitpas serving as an assistant secretary."	female
"She then worked for Oxfam as a lobbyist on conflict issues, campaigning at the United Nations and with governments to lessen the impact of conflict on civilians living in war zones. "	 Golding lives in Oxford and works as a freelance writer.	female
She has also been recognized by the Kingston Historical Society as a prominent woman in Kingston society. 	 Machar was a prolific writer.	female
"One of the most complete of her series was issued in book form, under the caption In Foreign Lands. "	" As a writer of verse and songs, Galpin won high praise."	female
Her doctoral research was supervised by Niko Tinbergen. 	 Dawkins was appointed a lecturer in zoology in 1977 and in 1998 was made Professor of Animal Behaviour.	female
"She began to make a name for herself at the 1992 European Championships where she won the floor exercise gold, and finished second all-around and vault. "	 Crowds and analysts were impressed with the young athlete's exceptional difficulty.	female
Tarbell initially turned him down so she could continue working on the Roland biography but McClure was determined. 	" Instead of taking up the editor position at McClure's, Tarbell began writing freelance articles for the magazine."	female
She called the company Silver Lining. 	 Lunde started working as an aerospace technologist for the FAA in 2003 as a Training Specialist.	female
"Upon Jacqueline Picasso's death in 1986, her daughter offered to pay inheritance taxes by a new dation. "	 Picasso once said I am the greatest collector of Picassos in the world.	female
Schmidt-Linsenhoff became Professor of Art History at the University of Trier with a focus on women's research from 1992 until her retirement in 2008. 	 This was followed by a stay in the United States as a visiting professor at Dartmouth College.	female
"Her first foray into movie-making at New York University resulted in a Student Academy Award Nomination for her satirical short film about a housewife's affair, And You Act Like One Too. "	" Seidelman earned an MFA from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts and is an adjunct professor in the school's film department, overseeing students' thesis films."	female
"The court denied the motion with a one-sentence statement likely written by Cardozo, If we assume that the plaintiff was nearer the scene of the explosion than the prevailing opinion would suggest, she was not so near that injury from a falling package, not known to contain explosives, would be within the range of reasonable prevision. "	" Posner doubted the sum was ever collected, noting that Palsgraf's family spoke to legal scholars and periodicals about the case in later years, and never mentioned an attempt to collect what would have been about a year's salary for the disabled former janitor."	female
"Stephanie realizes that Abruzzi is conducting psychological warfare against her, believing that she knows where Evelyn is. "	" Abruzzi, besides being a wargamer, is an avid collector of military memorabilia, and believes the medal is a lucky talisman."	female
"When Toronto Zoo opened in 1974, Mehren became its first female veterinarian at the institution, joining Dr. William Rapley. "	 From 1985 to 2003 Mehren was adjunct professor in the Department of Pathobiology at Guelph University.	female
"Her mother was Irish, her father was British (Mancunian). "	" After a stint working as an office clerk, Baines began training as a psychiatric nurse."	female
Baquero joined the WNBC in 1995 from local cable news network NY1 News where she was a daily news anchor and consumer reporter for three years. 	" Prior to NY1, Baquero was at local station WCBS for five years working in almost every aspect of the newsroom ranging from desk assistant, to researcher, to assignment editor, and finally associate producer of the daily consumer action segment, Troubleshooter."	female
"Despite the changes that have taken place in the retail industry since Bondfield's day, Cox and Hobley believe that, were she alive, she'd still be champing at the bit, trying to coax shop assistants to join a union, and fiercely championing shopworkers' rights to better pay and conditions. "	 Bondfield was a prolific writer of magazine and newspaper articles.	female
"She also wrote numerous radio plays broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and several of her poetic works were published in journals and anthologies during the 1980s and 1990s. "	 Jolley was made a Professor of Creative Writing at Curtin University in 1998.	female
She won the women's race at the Balkan Cross Country Championships in March 2011. 	 Jevtić was selected as young athlete of the year of 1996.	female
She graduated from the Far Eastern University of the Philippines where she acquired a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism in 1952 and then an MA in English in 1969. 	" Apart from being a writer, Uranza was also an associate professor of Literature and the Humanities at Far Eastern University."	female
"She describes how one memory triggers another, which in turn triggers another and how she is powerless to stop it: It's like a split screen; I'll be talking to someone and seeing something else. "	 One writer claimed hyperthymesia may be a result of reviewing memories constantly to an obsessive-compulsive degree.	female
"As a post doctoral fellow, she began a long-standing collaborative program of research with Marian Sigman, Peter C. "	 Kasari has served as the Principal Investigator of several Autism Center of Excellence Grants from the National Institutes of Health awarded to UCLA.	female
"Klüft claims that this was not for luck, but to remind her of her philosophy that sport is for fun. "	 Klüft was an exceptional junior athlete.	female
"In 2017, she was inducted into the Cal Athletic Hall of Fame. "	" Schott later worked as the assistant director of Tualatin Hills United Soccer Club, and coached as part of the Oregon Olympic Development Program."	female
"She completed another postdoctoral fellowship at the University of Zurich, where she worked with Volker Henn and Bernhard Hess. "	 Angelaki was made an Assistant Professor at the University of Mississippi in 1993.	female
"She often interjected such elements as myth, fairy tale, the supernatural, and fantasy into her works. "	 Matute was a university professor.	female
"She stayed there until 2006, when she began teaching at the University of Michigan in the Department of Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences. "	 Today Steiner is a professor in the Department of Climate and Space Sciences and Engineering.	female
In 1904 she was president of the Women's Metropolitan Golf Association. 	" Manice was also an amateur but proficient swimmer, sailor, and tennis player."	female
"Akkadevi (ಆಕ್ಕದೀವಿ in Kannada, also Akkādēvi, Akkā-dēvi), 1010-1064 CE was a princess of the Chalukya dynasty of Karnataka and governor of an area known as Kishukādu, situated in the present day districts of Bidar, Bagalkot and Bijapur. "	 Akkadevi was well known for being an able administrator and capable general.	female
Norwegian coach Bjørnar Håkensmoen gave Sara Renner a ski pole after hers was broken when a competitor stepped on it during the cross-country team sprint at the 2006 Winter Olympics. 	" Norway's athlete ended up fourth, implying that this selfless act of sportsmanship may well have cost the Norwegian team a medal."	female
Tilling moved to the School of Social and Community Medicine at the University of Bristol in 2002 where she was appointed as senior lecturer and then reader in medical statistics. 	 Tilling was promoted to professor of medical statistics in 2011.	female
"By Kovac's own account, she was one of the first in her family to attend and graduate from university, Oberlin College. "	" From 1981 to 1983, Kovac was employed as a chemist working on carbon-based materials."	female
"After postdoctoral research at Michigan State University, she became an assistant professor at Hope College in Michigan in 1998, then moved to the University of Oregon in 2000 and to Notre Dame in 2001. "	 Polini is currently an Associate Editor for the Journal of Commutative Algebra.	female
"Furthermore, she cooked on a broad culinary range and her recipes were sent across the world. "	 Watters was a keen gardener and played contract bridge and mahjong to a high level.	female
"She later qualified the statement in an interview with the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant: Another thing I hated was that I read everywhere: now people finally know her, thanks to Beyoncé, or: she must be very grateful. "	" I thought: I am a writer and I have been for some time and I refuse to perform in this charade that is now apparently expected of me: 'Thanks to Beyoncé, my life will never be the same again.'"	female
"Wildman may have portrayed herself as an old woman to contrast her real age, as a columnist so young at the time was very uncommon. "	 Wildman created the pen name for the sole purpose of preventing the newspaper's readers from guessing the real writer of the column.	female
"She grew up in Kuwait and Egypt, and after the Gulf War, moved to Texas with her family. "	" Jarrar is now an author, novelist, essayist, translator, and writer of short stories."	female
"She first trained in gymnastics at the Parkettes National Gymnastics Training Center in Allentown, Pennsylvania at age 6. "	 The instructor at the center recommended Somogyi to also study dance as other children also do so.	female
She is occasionally seen presenting the 6pm news during summer. 	 Azzopardi joined the Nine Network's news service Nine News in 2009 as a political journalist located in Canberra.	female
"In Haaretz, she criticized the tenure promotion of Barnard College anthropologist Nadia Abu El-Haj over a book that Weiss alleged caricatured Israeli archaeologists. "	" From 2011 to 2013, Weiss was senior news and politics editor at Tablet."	female