context	segment	gender
He continued to gain recognition as an applied artist due to his success at the Paris International Exhibit of the Decorative Arts in 1925. 	" After these wins, Brodovitch's career as an applied artist took off."	male
There isn't any record of Mr. Hewes ever relinquishing his Quaker membership nor is there any evidence that he was disowned by any Friends Monthly Meeting. 	" At the beginning of the year 1776, Hewes was appointed as the new Secretary of the Naval Affairs Committee."	male
"It is added that he then retired to Virginia, but this is not known for sure, and he may have remained in Virginia, dying there at some unknown date. "	 Poyntz was the author of the following pamphlets:	male
"Hemingway shows, through Jake's actions, his disapproval of the people who did not pay up. "	" As such, the author created an American hero who is impotent and powerless."	male
"At Eton he developed an interest in ornithology, guided by science master W. "	 Piggy was a genius as a teacher ...	male
"Lecocq enjoyed an early success in 1856, when he and Georges Bizet shared the first prize in a competition for composers of comic opera, organised by Jacques Offenbach. "	" Lacking the connections to secure commissions from Parisian theatres, Lecocq spent the next decade in obscurity and routine work as a teacher, accompanist and répétiteur."	male
"Startide Rising is a 1983 science fiction novel by American writer David Brin, the second book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by Sundiver and followed by The Uplift War). "	 It was revised by the author in 1993 to correct errors and omissions from the original edition.	male
"He sat down, took a couple of rolls, and he had it. "	" The original concept was to paint the picture from edge to edge, with no bleeding, title or artist credit – a concept that went against music industry practice and was immediately vetoed by EMI."	male
"I throw away most of what I write, he said in a 2006 interview. "	 I feel a lot of guilt about the freedom that being an artist provides.	male
"Welles' main objection to the generally accepted translations of Nostradamus' quatrains (so called because Nostradamus organized all his works into a series of four lined prose, which were then collected into centuries, or groups of 100 such works) relates in part to the translation efforts. "	" While many skilled linguists have worked on the problem of translating the works of Nostradamus, all have struggled with the format the author used."	male
	" According to one student, Medvedev was a popular teacher; strict but not harsh."	male
"Similarly, he has found that people look to external behavior in evaluating biases in others, but engage in introspection when evaluating their own. "	" Gilovich was an early author in the clustering illusion, which is closely related to the hot hand fallacy, and is the tendency to see clusters of data in a random sequence of data as nonrandom."	male
His work was originally designed for the gate of Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome. 	" The first design was ready in 1970 but, due to a series of historical events it was only inaugurated in 1983 in the presence of the artist, who was by then seriously ill."	male
"“Dictators are stupid,” he noted, “They won’t necessarily read between the lines.” "	" As a young artist in Baghdad in the 1980s, Alfraji worked as an animator for children's television."	male
"Under the clouds from the gas chambers, as he put it in his seminal work on Juan Gris. "	" Kahnweiler was very prolific as an author, but never produced a full autobiography."	male
"He is also a member of the group Dilated Peoples, as well as being one-half of Step Brothers with The Alchemist. "	" Before creating music, Perretta was a graffiti artist."	male
"In the 1950s, Mazniashvili's son, a World War II veteran of the Soviet army, submitted a request for a political rehabilitation of his father, but this was turned down by the authorities. "	 Maznashvili is the author of the popular Soldier’s Memoirs.	male
"By 1748 his novel Clarissa was published in full: two volumes appeared in November 1747, two in April 1748, and three in December 1748. "	" Unlike the novel, the author was not faring well at this time."	male
"In clinical psychological practice in the United States, duty to warn requires a clinician who has reasonable grounds to believe that a client may be in imminent danger of harming himself or others to warn the possible victims. "	 Duty to warn is among the few exceptions to a client's right to confidentiality and the therapist's ethical obligation to maintain confidential information related in the context of the therapeutic relationship.	male
"Because Kravitz was not wearing underpants, his genitals were briefly exposed to the audience. "	" As a designer, Kravitz launched a furniture collection in partnership with CB2 in 2015."	male
Durrio tried to help his poverty-stricken friend in Tahiti by promoting his oeuvre in Paris. 	 The 1906 exhibition of Gauguin's work left Picasso more than ever in this artist's thrall.	male
"In his Reflection series, produced between 1988 and 1990, Lichtenstein reused his own motifs from previous works. "	 Interiors (1991–1992) is a series of works depicting banal domestic environments inspired by furniture ads the artist found in telephone books or on billboards.	male
"In the late 1980s and early 1990s, he turned from programming and application books to imaging technology, writing some of the very first books devoted to scanners (The Complete Scanner Handbook, Dow-Jones Irwin, 1990) and digital Photography (Digital Photography, MIS Press, 1995.) "	" While working full-time as an author, Busch continued to write articles and monthly columns for magazines such HomePC, Macworld, Internet World, NetGuide, Windows Magazine, Windows Sources, and many other publications."	male
"He successfully managed the Conservative Party's 1983 election campaign, and was rewarded with an appointment as Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, but was forced to resign after revelations that his former secretary, Sara Keays, was pregnant with his child, whom she later bore and named Flora Keays. "	" Parkinson subsequently served as Secretary of State for Energy, and later Secretary of State for Transport."	male
"Born in East Centreville, New Brunswick he served overseas in the Canadian Army during the Second World War. "	" A teacher at the age of sixteen, Cogswell gained a BA(Hons) and MA at the University of New Brunswick and received a PhD from Edinburgh University."	male
Partha Mitter describes him as the only Indian painter before the 1940s who made use of the language and syntax of Cubism in his painting. 	" From 1925 onwards, the artist developed a complex post-cubist style."	male
"Paul intervenes and overpowers him, but he wriggles free. "	 The librarian is then run over by a car in front of the library and apparently killed.	male
	 A surrogate's life may be very similar to that of the author.	male
"The artist currently lives and works in the outskirts of Cali, where he devotes his time both to the exploration of painting and artistic materials and techniques. "	 The artist's online magazine has been discontinued as of 2007.	male
"He quickly discerned the genius of George Eliot, forthwith accepting and publishing in his magazine the first instalment of her earliest fiction the 'Scenes of Clerical Life,' which had been sent to him without the name of the author, for whom thus early he predicted a great career as a novelist. "	" This commencement of a business connection was soon followed by a personal acquaintance between author and publisher, which ripened into intimacy."	male
"As a result of his family's hunting activities, motifs of dissection started to appear in his works around 2011, with some aspects of it already evident in works from previous years. "	" The work Fur Skin Skeleton is considered the first to bare such style, according to the artist."	male
"Corbetta was the most significant guitar composer of his day (Gaspar Sanz called him el mejor de todos, or the greatest of all) and one of the first to publish in the mixed style. "	 Corbetta was also influential as a teacher.	male
"In the midst of it, Kōji temporarily loses his voice and is forced to go back to his brother and family. "	" Due to the manga artist's illness, the manga ended at volume 19 without a proper ending."	male
"Moberg himself was born on a farm just north-west of the town Emmaboda in 1898, where a monument stone now stands since 1970. "	 Nearby is also a small museum about the author.	male
"In 1912 the novel Dry Valley (Суходол) came out, his second major piece of semi-autobiographical fiction, concerning the dire state of the Russian rural community. "	" Again it left the literary critics divided: social democrats praised its stark honesty, many others were appalled with the author's negativism."	male
"As part of the war effort Blickensderfer converted much of his factory to produce munitions for the war, including a machine gun belt feed for the French government and 50 caliber machine gun mounts for aircraft. "	" With the brilliant chief engineer and designer gone, the company could not continue, and the heirs sold the company in 1919."	male
"Reviewing X-Men: Evolution's third season, Filip Vukcevic of IGN was mixed in his analysis, deeming it inferior to X-Men: The Animated Series and concluding, Evolution ... will interest long-time X-fans, but the fluffy stories and underutilized character personalities ... will cause discerning viewers to zone out, suffering from its attempt to cram everyone in. "	" The author also panned the series' average voice acting, feeling that Magneto, Wolverine and Beast were miscast."	male
"He is reputed to have led a secluded Islamic life as a marabout until his death on 14 October 2017 in Sévaré, aged 77. "	" It was met with wide critical acclaim, winning the Prix Renaudot that very year, the first African author to do so."	male
"In a scene in the episode, Homer channels his anger into his art. "	" The scene is a reference to the 1959 comedy horror film A Bucket of Blood, in which an artist is screaming at a piece of clay to be a nose."	male
"Slap-guitarist Miyavi, who has his roots in visual kei, has toured worldwide extensively since 2008, when his This Iz The Japanese Kabuki Rock Tour 2008 tour covered a distance of approximately 48,385 miles, equivalent to almost two trips around the world, and the majority of the concerts were sold out and covered extensively by media organizations. "	 It was the most successful international tour undertaken by a Japanese artist in history.	male
"The student confesses he does not know, with the ethical precept, answering with untruth, when one does not know the answer, is wrong. "	 The student asks sage Pippalada the same question.	male
"Charles E. Dvorak of the C.A.A. then demonstrated his class, and from the 11-foot mark he competed alone, the other four men being tied at that mark. "	" After retiring from athletic competition, Dvorak worked over the next 35 years as a lawyer, apple farmer, civil servant, athletic coach and teacher."	male
"As Professor of Painting at the Royal Academy he gave a memorable series of lectures to the students of the Schools, published as Six Lectures on Painting (1904) and Aims and Ideals in Art (1906). "	 Clausen was an official war artist during World War I.	male
"In 1960, he married French-Canadian Janick Larouche, whom he met in a language class in Toronto, and with whom he had sons Pierre and Hans. "	" Professionally, Zündel worked as a graphic artist, photographer, photo retoucher, and printer."	male
"In 1851, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. "	 This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Brongn.	male
	 Cook was pressed into service as a player as a result of injuries.	male
"Another erotic novel attributed to him was The Exploits of a Young Don Juan (Les exploits d'un jeune Don Juan), in which the 15-year-old hero fathers three children with various members of his entourage, including his aunt. "	 Apollinaire's gift to Picasso of the original 1907 manuscript was one of the artist's most prized possessions.	male
"Outside of Social Security, he was involved in implementation of a federal and state civil service merit system and for a policy making federal grants proportional to per capita state income. "	" During World War Two, Altmeyer was the secretary of the War Manpower Commission."	male
In 1866 he became an instructor in palaeontology at the University of Munich and at the same time taught Princess Theresa and Prince Arnulf of Bavaria. 	" Although an excellent teacher, and especially competent in practical work, Waagen, who was a most loyal Catholic, had little prospect of obtaining a professorship at the University of Munich."	male
"If this was a court of law, there would have been nothing proven, Goldstone said, emphasizing that his conclusion that war crimes had been committed was always intended as conditional. "	" Nevertheless, the report itself is replete with bold and declarative legal conclusions seemingly at odds with the cautious and conditional explanations of its author."	male
As early as 1895 his famous Vie de Monsieur Quelconque and Vie de Madame Quelconque poked holes in the established understanding of the typical aspirations of the middle class in matters both public and private. 	 By 1900 most Parisians familiar with the local news weeklies were aware of the artist's work.	male
Ørsted himself recounted how he influenced Zeise through conversations and encouraged him when he expressed the desire to take the university entrance examination (Examen artium). 	 Zeise became a university student in 1809.	male
Among the authors whose works he has examined are Edward Said and Yvonne Vera. 	" Zeleza is the author of scores of articles and essays and more than two dozen books, including the following"	male
"He is also a fan of football and follows his hometown professional football team, FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. "	 Medvedev is an avid amateur photographer.	male
"In 1849, he was appointed to a teaching post in Ajaccio (Corsica), then in 1853 moved on to the lycée in Avignon. "	" Fabre was a popular teacher, physicist, chemist and botanist."	male
He has two daughters and a son. 	 Vaiko is now the general secretary of the MDMK party.	male
In 1930 he was promoted to Deputy Prosecutor in a local court in Brzeżany. 	" While Public Prosecutor, Lemkin was also secretary of the Committee on Codification of the Laws of the Republic of Poland, which codified the penal codes of Poland, and taught law at Tachkemoni College in Warsaw."	male
"The story of GPA's downfall is told by Christopher Brown, aviation lawyer and GPA Senior Vice-President, in his 2009 book Crash Landing – An Inside Account of the Fall of GPA. "	 It is based on a contemporaneous diary of events kept by the author from 1990 to 1996 while employed by GPA and subsequently GECAS.	male
"According to al-Jawbari in his book Kashf al-Asrar (Unveiling the Secrets)members of the Haydariyya dervish order took Hashish before staging their performances of self-mutilation, in order to numb the pain. "	 The author was a conjuror whose writing was an exposé of not only magic tricks but also the 'dodges' of beggars and other 'low-life'.	male
"The Polish writer Bolesław Prus, for the sake of making a point, introduces into chapter 63 of his historical novel Pharaoh, set in the ancient Egypt of 1087–1085 BCE, a substance that behaves like gunpowder. "	" Another apparent anatopism introduced by the author (in chapter 45) is an object that resembles a telescope, that may also be an anachronism."	male
"In 1957, he went to the United States to study at the University of California, Berkeley, and was a research assistant to Seymour Martin Lipset. "	 Etzioni is the author of over 30 books.	male
"In 1993 Jungnickel joined Augsburg University where he occupies the chair for discrete mathematics, optimisation, and operations research. "	 A reviewer notes that The author does a beautiful job showing and developing the practical applicability of the fascinating area of finite field theory.	male
"To cure the psychological maladjustment, [it's necessary] to catch him in his true state. "	" Blummer was surprised by these provisions, saying, I don't know of any time when such monitoring has been used on an artist."	male
"Camejo was survived by his wife, Morella Camejo; stepdaughter Alexandra Baquero, stepson Victor Baquero, and brothers Antonio and Daniel Camejo and Danny Ratner. "	 Camejo is the author of The SRI Advantage: Why Socially Responsible Investing Has Outperformed Financially.	male
"In 1916, Schulz Solari first signed his work Xul Solar,” ostensibly for the purposes to simplify the phonetics of his name, but an examination of the adopted name reveals that the first name is the reverse of lux,” which means light in Latin. "	" Combined with solar, the name reads as the light of the sun, and demonstrates the artist's affinity for the universal source of light and energy."	male
"French quoted Blavatsky as saying: No author in the world of literature ever gave a more truthful or more poetical description of these beings than Sir E. Bulwer-Lytton, the author of Zanoni. "	" This novel is especially important for followers of occultism because of the suspicion--actively fostered by its author--that the work is not a fictional account of a mythical fraternity, but an accurate depiction of a real brotherhood of immortals."	male
"By chance, the original maker, now a grown man, is working there as a local guide and he also sees the newspaper. "	" Each movement of the canoe is celebrated by a short chapter, suitable for reading aloud to a child and decorated with black-and-white sketches and at least one full-page watercolor, all by the author."	male
He was elected Member of Parliament for Berwick-upon-Tweed in 1951 where he served until 1973. 	 Lambton was made a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Defence (RAF) in 1970.	male
"After his time at Yale, he went on a Grand Tour of Europe between 1832 and 1833. "	" Pell had a passion for agricultural pursuits, and was a familiar figure in agricultural clubs and conventions, as well as an author of many valuable papers on fruit-culture and kindred topics."	male
"At the age of eighteen he was received into the Order of Preachers at Rome, and made his religious profession in 1852 and studied philosophy at the College of Saint Thomas, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum. "	 From the beginning Zigliara was a student of uncommon brilliancy.	male
"Carlucci is asked for input, and he mumbles that the US government does not involve itself in the internal affairs of other countries. "	" At the time, Carlucci was the second secretary of the US Embassy in Congo."	male
"Whittier was heavily influenced by the doctrines of his religion, particularly its stress on humanitarianism, compassion, and social responsibility. "	 Whittier was first introduced to poetry by a teacher.	male
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet nurse; the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home. 	" When the Balzac children returned home, they were kept at a frosty distance from their parents, which affected the author-to-be significantly."	male
"During the 1870s, several incidents made Alexander Stewart hostile towards Seligman, although the two men had served together on the board of the New York Railways Company, whose president was Judge Henry Hilton, a Tweed Ring associate. "	 The first incident involved Seligman's declining the post of Secretary of the Treasury.	male
"He appeared as such by his work in three volumes, published in 1835 with the title: Observations sur le projet de révision du Code pénal. "	 This work could not miss drawing the attention to its author.	male
"A video of a student from Duncanville, 18-year-old sophomore Jeff Bliss scolding his social studies/history teacher, went viral in May 2013, and was picked up by media. "	 CBS local news quoted the student:	male
"He was a staunch defender of Captain Alfred Dreyfus, whom he considered an innocent man. "	 The artist's suspicions were substantiated after one of Dreyfus's accusers broke down under interrogation.	male
"I personally think that Orson's waiving any payment whatever for his work, and his giving up a lucrative weekly radio program, is even more eloquent. "	 For a well-paid creative artist to work for over half a year for no remuneration is a most uncommon occurrence.	male
He left his position for personal reasons and took several clerical and accounting jobs. 	" After briefly serving in law enforcement for the colonial government, Gizenga became a teacher at a secondary Catholic school."	male
He appeared in stage productions throughout college and continued on stage long after his tour of duty in Vietnam. 	 Savini served as a combat photographer during the Vietnam War.	male
I am the Ietada who wishes to bequeth his name to generations to come. 	 Ietada is singled out as an example of the honor of samurai and prowess by the author of Hogen Monogatari:	male
The Berlin Collection of Classical Antiquities in the Altes Museum contains the remnants of a series of his votive tablets. 	 Placing such an order with a potter and vase painter is likely to be unique in antiquity and is evidence of the high reputation of this artist.	male
"In a 2019 interview with CNBC, he told how he sees great potential with Lyft and even though the company went public in 2018, he is bullish on the company and will be invested in it for a long time. "	 This marks the first time an honor of this kind has been bestowed upon a rap artist.	male
František was the first non-British pilot to have a bar added to his Distinguished Flying Medal when he posthumously received one on 28 October 1940. 	" Janoušek also quoted the anonymous author of the 1941 book Together we Fly, A Salute to Airmen, who called František the greatest of all Czechoslovak pilots, perhaps one of the greatest fighters of all time."	male
Preparation for any role was very important for him. 	" The dancer says, It is desirable to know everything about the ballet, about the character, the composer, the choreographer – everything."	male
"When Tippin, at the urging of Jack, mentions The Circumference, Khasinau has Tippin come to Paris and has him interrogated under sodium pentathol. "	" Khasinau arranges for Tippin to be kidnapped by Sark from a CIA safehouse, transported to Taipei and tortured by an evil dentist for more information about the Circumference."	male
"The anonymous author recounts the story of their bequest of the lands to the parish to support the annual dole, and goes on to say that despite the antiquity of the events described, he has no doubt as to their authenticity. "	" As with all accounts of the tradition prior to 1790 the author does not mention their alleged birth in 1100, or the name of Chulkhurst; these details first appeared in a broadside published in 1790."	male
"In 1971, the Military Selective Service Act was further amended to make registration compulsory; all men had to register within a period 30 days before and 29 days after their 18th birthdays. "	" Student deferments were ended, except for divinity students, who received a 2-D Selective Service classification."	male
"Bates is a good and stylish writer; he has an ear for the pithy phrase, and reading him is generally a pleasure. "	" This book, based on original scholarship, vast knowledge of a rapidly changing global field, and the arcana of many loosely linked disciplines brings the skills and interests of its polymath author together for a supremely important purpose."	male
"He accompanied Friedman in his numerous tours of China, and was present when Friedman met with Chinese leader Zhao Ziyang to discuss economic reforms. "	 Cheung was also an avid photographer.	male
"The year 1939 saw the publication of his best work, Matthĳs Maris: de tragiek van den droom ('The Tragedy of the Dream'), a biography of the painter Matthijs Maris, who was a brother of the Dutch artists Jacob and Willem Maris. "	" Two years later, Figuren en problemen der monumentale schilderkunst in Nederland ('Figures and Problems of Monumental Painting in the Netherlands') was published, again with designs by the author."	male
"In his personal life, Student remains involved with both the Haredi and Modern Orthodox worlds in Brooklyn. "	" According to Student, I live in a moderate Haredi neighborhood, attend Haredi synagogues, send my children to moderate Haredi schools but still maintain professional and friendly relations with the Modern Orthodox world."	male
"The year 1912 also marked Spargo's only foray into American electoral politics, when he ran for the United States Congress in the 1st Congressional District of Vermont as the nominee of the Socialist Party. "	" At the 1917 National Convention of the Socialist Party, Spargo was the author of a minority resolution in the Committee on War and Militarism calling for American support of the Allied war effort as the least onerous alternative facing the socialist movement."	male
"A third review, while not identifying any specific themes, said the author was layering his themes to make the book more exciting. "	 One of my goals as an author is to explore various aspects of human nature.	male
"However he often spent long periods at the Château de Saché, near Tours, the home of his friend Jean de Margonne, his mother's lover and father to her youngest child. "	 Today the chateau is a museum dedicated to the author's life.	male
It is his first non-fiction book. 	" The author notes in the foreword of the 1994 reprint of this book that medical practices (both the culture, technology and finances) have changed significantly since the book was written, but that the text was left as is to give us a more complete glimpse into the past."	male
Thereafter he was an inmate at Brandenburg-Görden Prison in Brandenburg an der Havel until 1945. 	" From 1945 to 1946, Seibt was the first secretary of the Brandenburg district leadership and a member of the KPD Brandenburg state leadership."	male
"In this time of personal crisis, he became famous In Hamburg for scrawling and scribbling all over the city, using mailboxes, billboards, traffic signs and subway stations and leaving whenever possible his business card: Peter-Ernst Eiffe, Wandsbeker Chaussee 305, 2000 Hamburg 22, including the phone number. "	 Eiffe was also magically attracted by the student movement.	male
"Born in Port de Grave, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada), he was the fourth of the seven children of Robert Prowse and Jane Woodley. "	 Prowse is the author of A History of Newfoundland which is considered one of the most complete and meticulous colonial history books in existence.	male
"There he met Lord Soulbury who had been appointed to lead a Commission to Ceylon, pressing his case for self-rule. "	 Goonetilleke became an unofficial secretary to the commission and significantly influenced it.	male
"He continued his active support of ultra-royalist views until his death, which took place in Paris on 17 January 1825. "	" Besides a large number of political pamphlets, Ferrand was the author of:"	male
"Thereafter, in 1936, he joined the recording company His Master's Voice. "	" Coming back to Singapore in 1947, Zubir worked as a part-time photographer with the Utusan Melayu newspaper while composing and performing music and songs."	male
"The G.G. represented the initials of his wife, Gloria Gautraud, whom he had married in 1949. "	 The initials were used so the sex of the author would remain vague.	male
"A Complete Course of Lithography combined Senefelder's history of his own invention with a practical guide to lithography, and remained in print as recently as 1977 (Da Capo Press). "	" Unlike previous printmaking techniques, such as engraving, that required advanced craft skills, lithography facilitated greater accuracy and textural variety, because the artist could now draw directly onto the plate with familiar pens."	male
"Aside from his work as a musician, Mickelson has worked as a writer for Scream Magazine in addition to his work as a graphic designer. "	 Mickelson is the lead designer for Scream Magazine and the Inferno Metal Festival.	male
He ran for the governorship of Cebu in 1931 and became the President of the League of Provincial Governors of the Philippines. 	 Cuenco was Secretary of Public Works and Communications from 1936 to 1939.	male
"However, during this period he also became closely associated with the Christian Patriot movement on the right, and spoke at conferences sponsored by Christian Identity pastor Pete Peters. "	 Gritz is the author of three books.	male
Various attempts have been made to clear up the error concerning the mention of Tyre as a subsequent bishopric of Methodius; it is possible that he was transported to Tyre during the persecution and died there. 	" Methodius had a comprehensive philosophical education, and was an important theologian as well as a prolific and polished author."	male
"After a long period of absence lasting more than a decade, he directed a film, Nerkkuneraey (Face to Face), in (2004). "	 Menon made a name as a versatile Poster Designer as well.	male
"His ashes were scattered in Cornish, New Hampshire, by his longtime friend Charles Platt. "	" Benediction (1923), now lost, gained greatest sum for a work by a living American artist"	male
"At any rate, Philotas, the physician of Amphissa, used to tell my grandfather, Lamprias, that he was in Alexandria at the time, studying his profession, and that having got well acquainted with one of the royal cooks, he was easily persuaded by him (young man that he was) to take a view of the extravagant preparations for a royal supper. "	" But the cook burst out laughing and said: The guests are not many, only about twelve; but everything that is set before them must be at perfection, and this an instant of time reduces."	male
"Seriously interested in joining pro sumo, Nakamura was interviewed at a number of stables before graduating, and upon finishing university, he joined Miyagino stable. "	 Nakamura became an attendant and apprentice to yokozuna Hakuhō.	male
"He was later appointed as a Civil, Commercial and Labor Judge on the Comodoro Rivadavia circuit and on the Chamber of Appeals of both Trelew and Comodoro Rivadavia. "	 Guinle entered politics as Government Secretary for the Municipality of Comodoro Rivadavia in 1986.	male
"One installation/performance work from this period, perhaps his best known work, is Seedbed (January 15–29, 1972). "	 One motivation behind Seedbed was to involve the public in the work's production by creating a situation of reciprocal interchange between artist and viewer.	male
He has been awarded the Overseas Press Club's Robert Capa Gold Medal five times and two World Press Photo awards. 	 Nachtwey has worked with Time as a contract photographer since 1984.	male
"This led to him being harshly attacked in the 1920s by the proletarian musician movement, especially by the representatives of the RAPM Russian Association of Proletarian Musicians and Prokoll (Production Collective of the Students at the Moscow Conservatory). "	" Roslavets was accused of being a counter-revolutionary and bourgeois artist, alien to the proletariat, as well as formalist, a class enemy and in the late 1920s and early 1930s, a Trotskyist, saboteur; etc."	male
Gemmell later said that his Managing Director had regarded it a poisonous attack on his integrity. 	" After the publication of Waylander, Gemmell became an author full-time, writing over thirty novels in total, some as part of long-running series, others as standalone works."	male
His memoir of Alkan in his book Les Pianistes célèbres is nonetheless one of the most valuable sources for Alkan's biography. 	 Marmontel achieved renown as an effective and imaginative teacher.	male
"He is the father of Simon Festing, the former executive director of the Research Defence Society, which focuses on supplying information about, and defending, the use of animals in medical experiments in the UK. "	 Festing is the author of over 200 scientific papers on laboratory animal genetics and related issues.	male
"He delivered a paper at the First Migraine Symposium in 1966 on Migraine: from Cappadocia to Queen Square, combining his clinical interest with his love of history. "	" Critchley was a handsome and impressive figure, a superb speaker and a lifelong student of the human mind."	male
Davis was then sentenced to a six-month prison term where he was able to do some research. 	 Opinions expressed in this paper are the author's and are not necessarily those of the Bureau of Prisons.	male
"In the course of this work, he discovered that not all gases expand equally when heated and that Boyle's Law is only an approximation, especially at temperatures near a substance's boiling point. "	 Regnault was also an avid amateur photographer.	male
	 McKay was elected student body president in 1916.	male
"He then went to Sydney and then Melbourne holding exhibitions of his work, and died of cancer in Melbourne on 3 January 1939. "	" Evergood was a capable artist, who mostly painted landscapes in oil with affinities to the post impressionists."	male
"Although he has done boxing and mixed martial arts, he is mainly a football player, playing twice a week. "	" As an elementary and high school student, Cuenca played as a football varsity player for PAREF Southridge School."	male
Motl is described as having a natural talent for drawing cartoons – sometimes getting into trouble with people feeling insulted by his depiction of them. 	 Some episodes indicate that the author intended to have the character enter a journalistic career.	male
"His designed products also included a remarkable transistor radio, made from ordinary metal food cans and powered by a burning candle, that was designed to actually be produced cheaply in developing countries. "	" Papanek received numerous awards, including a Distinguished Designer fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts in 1988."	male
Hazlitt's fascination with the extremes of human capability in any field led to his writing The Fight (published in the February 1822 New Monthly Magazine). 	 This essay never appeared in the Table-Talk series or anywhere else in the author's lifetime.	male
"The author himself had no very high opinion of the work, remarking that he had written it chiefly for young students. "	" The Shulchan Aruch achieved its reputation and popularity not only against the wishes of the author, but, perhaps, through the very scholars who criticized it."	male
Three of his stories have been adapted as episodes of the TV series Tales from the Darkside. 	 Outside of science fiction Kube-McDowell is the author of more than 500 nonfiction articles on subjects ranging from space careers to scientific creationism to an award-winning four-part series on the state of American education.	male
"He contacted Lawrence Weschler, a writer at The New Yorker, and helped organize Shapinsky's first one-man show, at London's Mayor Gallery. "	" As a result, Shapinsky became a 'revived artist' as an abstract impressionist."	male
"Later that day, UN and Brazilian officials said that he appeared to have shot himself in the head, several days after national elections had been postponed for a fourth time. "	 Bacellar was also a teacher of geography and of Brazilian Studies in military schools.	male
"As one of the largest conservationist organizations in the country,[citation needed] The Wilderness Society has contributed to nearly all major designations of lands to be entered into the wilderness system.[citation needed] The Wilderness Society was incorporated on April 30, 1937, by a group of eight men who would later become some of the 20th century's most prominent conservationists. "	" Yard became the Society's first secretary and the editor of its magazine, The Living Wilderness."	male
He received his M.A. in English from McGill University in 1928 and his Ph.D. in the discipline from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1935. 	" Professionally, Hayakawa was a linguist, psychologist, semanticist, teacher, and writer."	male
"It finally leads him to union with Christ by exciting love for him as well as by pointing out the frailty of all creatures: It is necessary to leave the beloved thing for the beloved, because Jesus wishes to be loved above all things (Oportet dilectum propter dilectum relinquere, quia Jesus vult solus super omnia amari: II, xvii). "	" Though the book betrays that the author was well versed not only in Scholastic philosophy and theology, but also in the secrets of the mystical life, yet this fact never obtrudes itself on the reader, nor does it obscure the meaning of the contents."	male
"In September that year, he was appointed a deputy secretary in the Department of Supply, rising to the rank of full secretary by 1945. "	" Patel became Home Secretary under Vallabhbhai Patel in 1946, serving till 1950."	male
"Since 1976, he has worked as a freelance writer. "	" Maar is the author of a large number of novels, short stories and plays."	male
"By studying the histolotgic sections of the teeth of animals, he inspired a new discipline: the histo-physiology of teeth and surrounding structures. "	 Schour was an innovative teacher who ensured that dental professionals were kept abreast of non-dental research in the other sciences by founding the annual Midwest Seminar of Dental Medicine.	male
"In September 1932, Unsöld became Ordinarius Professor and Director of the Institute for Theoretical Physics (and Observatory) at the University of Kiel – a position he held until his emeritus status was granted in 1973, after which he remained scientifically active for 15 years. "	" While a student at Munich, Unsöld was one of many of a long line of students who helped Sommerfeld explore and advance atomic theory."	male
"It was found that three cooks had prepared the meals, one of whom had infected lesions on the index and middle finger of his right hand. "	 The lesions on the cook’s fingers were found to be infected with staphylococci.	male
"He is currently a visiting professor at King's College London where he works with the Policy Institute at King's, a visiting professor at the Cass Business School, a board member of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and a visiting fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. "	" Willetts is the author of several books on conservatism, including Why Vote Conservative (1996) and Modern Conservatism (1992), as well as numerous articles."	male
"He also campaigned for the British government to do their part by preserving a Second World War airfield in its original condition for future generations to see, and for the history of each airfield to be recorded fully and the men and sacrifice never forgotten. "	 The book took 18 months to compile and drew upon the author's knowledge and experience working in airfields and documenting their history.	male
"He coloured his figures with strong and bright tint and frequent interchanges of red and green, blue and yellow. "	" The combination of the sculptural and the pictorial bears witness of the artist's complexity and expressiveness with additional help of naturally blooming forms, and nearly fauvist, wild tint."	male
In 2019 he joined the Slavic Department at Columbia University with a goal of focusing on contemporary Russian culture within the Harriman Institute. 	 Lipovestky is the author or co-author of five books and more than seventy articles.	male
"He alternated the drawing of Nippur de Lagash with his creator, Lucho Olivera. "	" Mulko is the artist who has drawn more episodes of Nippur; more than 150 in two stages: between 1972 and 1976, and between 1988 and 1994."	male
Goncharov used a lot of dialogue within his works. 	" Therefore, the characters in Oblomov reveal themselves primarily through their own speech, with very limited comments by the author."	male
At the end of the season he was again awarded the Young Player of the Year award as well as being shortlisted for ICC Emerging Player of the Year. 	" As well as the one day series against Pakistan, Cook was overlooked for the 2006 Champions Trophy squad."	male
Secretary of the Navy during 1962–63; he was also an Assistant Secretary of the Army in 1952–53. 	 Various sources cite different reasons for Secretary Korth's departure.	male
"He moved to Sarajevo in September, 1909, and worked as a curator and later administrator at the National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina, this period started his intensive years of working. "	 Ćorović was also a secretary of the Serbian cultural society „Prosvjeta“ in Sarajevo and organizer of its annual publication (Calendar) of 1911.	male
"Not only did he continuously treat new subjects, he is also known, upon popular demand, to have reworked at his Beyoğlu atelier some of his earlier studies of Damascus, Beirut and Egypt from sketches at hand, selling most of them to his Levantine clients. "	" During this formative period in the Turkish art of painting and its milieu, the artist was, therefore, far-removed from the new developments."	male
She has led the Gas & Power division since January 2000. 	 Cook is also member of board of directors of KBR (company) and The Boeing Company.	female
"Cook was declared legally blind in the second grade because of severe astigmatism, but wore contacts and thick glasses to correct her vision. "	" A dancer from age four, Cook began taking jazz, tap and ballet lessons."	female
"The all-women peer culture formed at women's colleges allowed students to create their own social rules and hierarchies, to become each other's leaders and heroes, and to idolize each other. "	" The practice of smashing involved one student showering another with gifts: notes, chocolates, sometimes even locks of hair."	female
"She graduated from Fashion Institute of Technology in 2007 and spent five years as a fashion designer in New York City at a private label, where she designed beadwork, lace details, embroidery, and appliqués for garments. "	" Seeking a career outside of a traditional office environment, Malarkey returned to Pennsylvania to apprentice as a tattoo artist."	female
She often uses herself and her family as models. 	 The Canopy Series (1987) draws on experiences from the artist's own family.	female
"On television, she appeared in an episode of Mama's Family in which she was a member of an all-female band called The Bonecrushers. "	" The single was structured toward an early-1990s dance sound and featured sexually suggestive lyrics, representing another change in direction for the artist."	female
"In 1981 and 1991 she made a tour in Washington, USA. "	 One of the popular songs by the artist was Nakhshun Bajin.	female
The book includes anecdotes about and illustrations of many of her extended family (see Darwin–Wedgwood family). 	 The book is illustrated throughout with wood engravings by the author.	female
"Konigsburg's 1967 novel From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler, and desired to write what she wished to read. "	" Chasing Vermeer took about five years to complete, as Balliett was also a teacher and parent."	female
"As with Scotland, she has leveraged the challenges of and learning in this process to impact energy policy in Montgomery County and in Maryland. "	 Siegel was a Head Start teacher early in the program's years.	female
"Lee has embarked on a tour promoting her album, Everyone Afraid to Be Forgotten. "	" The artist stated that between shows I found myself alone in my studio at every given chance, inspired from that whole synergy I experienced with the audience on stage."	female
"During the same year, Pausini released her first Spanish-language album, Laura Pausini, a compilation of ten adapted versions of hits from her previous albums, issued by Dro Records. "	 Pausini was the first non-Spanish artist to achieve this result.	female
"She came 19th in the Eurovision contest.[citation needed] A fourth internal selection followed in 2014, with Molly Smitten-Downes, under her artist name of Molly, being chosen to represent the UK with the song Children of the Universe, written and composed by Smitten-Downes herself. "	" However, Smitten-Downes was an unknown artist who was chosen through the BBC Introducing scheme."	female
"When performed by a female artist, these types of stunts sometimes involve aspects of the damsel in distress archetype, although with the damsel rescuing herself rather than waiting for a hero to come to her aid. "	 The artist uses illusion techniques to re-appear unharmed.	female
"Her committee assignments include the Aging and Older Adult Services, Children & Youth, Commerce, and Rules. "	 Shusterman also serves as Democratic secretary of the Judiciary committee.	female
"In 1963, she worked alongside Germaine Derbecq to create her second exhibition Cascaras (Shells). "	" According to the artist, these sculptures held the vibrations of the body it once held."	female
"Cherryh, set in her Alliance-Union universe, in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union, the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. "	" Chronologically, the book follows immediately after the author's Downbelow Station and is one of Cherryh's series of Merchanter novels."	female
The successful publication of the short story also won her acclaim in the literary circles of her time. 	" They were impressed with the author's goal, which was to dig into the commonplace, this vulgar American life, and see what is in it."	female
"As a practicing landscape architect, McSherry is known for connecting her designs to specific places and for work in watersheds. "	 McSherry is also recognized as a teacher.	female
Professional Industrial Rope Access Services Pte Ltd (PIRAS) agrees to paint the Bridge at a subsidized rate and Michelle Tan agrees to be the project manager Pacita works with Visual Media Works to transform her colorful hand-painted Bridge sketches into detailed computerized workplans for the painters to follow. 	" As a final touch, the railings are hand painted by the artist with multiple circles"	female
"Growing up with a carefree nature, she was an introvert and was the kind of girl who loved reading, writing and drawing. "	" Aw wanted to be a dancer, an artist or a child psychologist."	female
"After coming in second in a Japanese music competition in 1984, Ogawa attained third prize in the 1987 Leeds International Piano Competition, which launched her international performing career. "	 Since 1997 Ogawa has been an exclusive recording artist for BIS Records.	female
"Both had handled her previous novel, We the Living. "	" According to Peikoff, [Macmillan's] comment was: the author does not understand socialism."	female
"Addressing this, the art historians Rose-Marie and Rainer Hagen suppose that the donor is imagining that she has entered into his house. "	" The attendant dressed in a festive outfit is by a later artist, perhaps it was added after the donor's marriage."	female
One of her first projects at Adobe was Trajan. 	" As a designer, Twombly closely studied historical scripts for inspiration in creating digital fonts."	female
"Two years later, when Hunt was promoted to the Arizona Tax Commission, Mofford followed her boss to the new position. "	 Mofford returned to the Tax Commission in 1947 as executive secretary.	female
"In 1668, plays by women began to be staged in London. "	" The performance ran for six nights, which was regarded as a good run for an unknown author."	female
"Well constructed, full of intriguing ideas, never short of insight, her stories and novellas are always a bit too preposterous, stiff and uninspired, showing little knowledge of real life. "	" Serving as embodiments of ideas and concepts, they are genuinely crafted marionettes put into action by the author's hand, not by their own inner motives."	female
"Brava was offered a recording contract by EMI in 1997, and she worked under the EMI Classics label from 1998 to 2002. "	" The album peaked at number 14 on the UK Classical Chart, and Brava became the biggest selling Finnish classical artist at the time."	female
"Lavigne, who wore some of the clothes and jewellery from her line at various concerts before its official launch, pointed out that she was not merely licensing her name to the collection. "	 I actually am the designer.	female
She became the first woman to be given the title of majority leader of the Kansas Senate when she was elected in 1993. 	" While serving as lieutenant governor, Frahm also served as the state's Secretary of Administration."	female
Soon after World War II she traveled abroad to Paris. 	 A 1960 solo exhibit in Zagreb was the first time an American artist had mounted such a show in Yugoslavia.	female
It wasn't until Ringwald began dipping her toes into slightly more adult roles that she lost her footing. 	 This movie dared to suggest that even a popular honors student is capable of making wrong decisions that result in life-changing consequences.	female
She joined a gang for protection; she also studied ballet and began working in the theater by the age of eleven. 	 Franceschi was cast as a dancer in the 1978 film Grease.	female
"She was subsequently was also commissioned to create temporary and permanent public art installations for the Washington Projects for the Arts, the Northern Virginia Fine Arts Association (NVFAA), the Humanities Council of Washington, D.C., Howard University, and the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture. "	" Whether seen as cosmic or botanical, the artist’s circling compositions exalt natural cycles."	female
"That being said, in the Time Magazine cover story for April 9, 1973, the boycott was called, the most successful boycott by women since Lysistrata, and the public pressure pushed President Nixon to enforce price ceilings on beef, pork and lamb. "	" The leaders supported continued boycotts of meat, specifically by refusing to cook or eat meat on Tuesdays and Thursdays."	female
The wife would also need to maintain certain household style that indicated a wealthier lifestyle. 	" There are assumptions such as that every house would have, at least, a housekeeper and multiple children."	female
"In 1979 she was invited to the Netherlands where her pictures were exhibited in different museums and galleries in Deventer, The Hague and Rotterdam for the duration of one year. "	 Çokay worked 17 years as a teacher for art and art history in high schools and spent ten years giving private painting lessons in different gallery studios.	female
"In both letters she quotes from such classical figures as Aristotle and Tacitus, and she draws from various Greek and Roman myths. "	" Speght's was the first of three responses to Swetnam's tract, and was the only one published under the author's actual name."	female
"In Britain, historically many nurses expected to leave work after getting married and into the 1960s senior nursing posts were disproportionately likely to be held by unmarried women. "	" Nurse training also had a very high drop out rate, in part related to students leaving to get married (in addition to rejection by some of the strict discipline imposed on them)."	female
President Jimmy Carter appointed her to be the first United States Secretary of Education in 1979. 	" As the first Secretary of Education, Hufstedler's agenda has been depicted as being focused on strengthening state and federal interrelationships, as well as educational equity."	female
"In 1967 she got a postgraduate from the National Academy of Sciences, in 1980 a doctorate and has been a university professor since 1988. "	 Is the author 200 scientific works and collaborated in near 40 inventions for Chemistry and Perfumuery industries.	female
"She is married to Ghanaian Broadcaster and fashion designer, Kofi Okyere Darko (KOD) and they have two daughters. "	 Womenswear designer of the Year at the 2018 Glitz Style Awards	female
Albers was inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame in 1994. 	" Albers was a designer who worked primarily in textiles and, late in life, with printmaking."	female
"Summing up the ambiguous position of Jane Frank's work on canvas with respect to both landscape art and pure abstraction, a reviewer for The Art Gallery magazine wrote of her 1971 solo show at London's Alwin Gallery: Her richly textured canvases evoke a world of crags and forests, rivers and plains, in terms which are entirely non-representational. "	" The catalogue of the 1963 Bodley Gallery show contains a long essay by the artist, and the following three quoted passages capture many of the concerns described here:"	female
"However, her earnings are not enough to grant her a livelihood, so she is forced to keep other professional activities concomitantly with football. "	" Antunes is a graduate in physical education and works as a teacher at the Universidade de Fafe in Fafe, Portugal."	female
"After the release of her Kiesha'ra Series, Atwater-Rhodes revealed that the first four novels she wrote, In the Forests of the Night, Demon in My View, Shattered Mirror and Midnight Predator, were part of the Den of Shadows series. "	" The book is set in and around the author's home town of Concord, Massachusetts and in the realm of Nyeusigrube."	female
"In 2008, she translated Junot Diaz's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, The Brief and Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, into Spanish. "	" The Dominican-American author's novel addresses many themes, including young adult sexuality and national identity, also present in Obejas' work."	female
"Sherman works in series, typically photographing herself in a range of costumes. "	 Bus Riders (1976–2000) is a series of photographs that feature the artist as a variety of meticulously observed characters.	female
On her paintings the strength of cold and warm colours appears to be equal. 	 The diary entries register all the artist's speculations in connection with the making of the painting.	female
"Splendiano asks the merchant to replace the dancer with Djamileh, while being certain that she will soon be his. "	" Veiled, Djamileh enters in the dancer’s costume and, shy and nervous, makes to leave."	female
"Somayeh's mother believes her daughter is a shy girl, and the MEK member have threaten people like her. "	" The MEK has published a letter on Albanian media 2018, introducing Somayeh as its author."	female
"With the use of hidden cameras, she filmed chairs being smashed, pupils fighting in class, swearing at teachers by pupils and false accusations by pupils of her touching them. "	" The documentary showed children aged from 12 to 15 completely ignoring the supply teacher and other staff while they shout, scream, fight, swear, downloading porn and wandering around the classroom at will."	female
"A New York Sun editorial on May 20, 2003, questioned Weingarten's focus on this issue and challenged her argument that class size is a critical factor in learning, noting that America has been reducing class sizes steadily for the last half century, with little to show in results. "	" Weingarten has been a staunch supporter of the LIFO policy (last in, first out), otherwise known as teacher seniority."	female
"Chambers has a keen interest in poetry and literature which began in childhood, with her father encouraging her deep love of the English word. "	 Chambers is an author of historical novels.	female
Her younger brother said that she was suspected to be affected by work pressure before her death and that the principal had many unreasonable demands. 	" Moreover, the principal did not propose a suicide treatment plan or condolences for the teacher’s family."	female
"(Originally female flight attendants were fired if they reached age 32 or 35 depending on the airline, were fired if they exceeded weight regulations, and were required to be single upon hiring and fired if they got married.) "	" Also in 1968, the EEOC ruled that sex was not a bona fide occupational requirement to be a flight attendant."	female
"As soon as the second hospital plane landed, the flight nurse aboard received her orders. "	" The plane was loaded and usually departed in approximately 45 minutes, the flight nurse being responsible for all patients aboard."	female
"Fatma Öcalan is the sister of Abdullah Öcalan and Dilek Öcalan, a former parliamentarian of the HDP, is his niece. "	" Öcalan is the author of more than 40 books, four of which were written in prison."	female
"On July 18, 2010, the Long Island International Film Expo honored the actress with its Long Island Creative Achievement Award. "	" The next year, Moriarty appeared as a nurse in the film 1320."	female
"The women now pursued their educational project with smaller groups, using suitably sized rooms in the homes of the more relatively well-to-to backers. "	" After further wrangling, they managed to find and recruit a qualified teacher with the necessary teaching permit and in 1856 opened a proper school, centrally located in Hamburg, which at the outset welcomed sixty pupils."	female
"She cut her first record, I'm a Honky Tonk Girl, in February 1960. "	" 1 hits, out of 70 charted songs as a solo artist and a duet partner."	female
"Dozens of boys decide to join the swimming team, but when they realize that she teaches synchronized swimming (which is generally a women's sport), all but Suzuki and four other boys drop out. "	" The teacher soon takes maternity leave, and for some time the team is on hiatus."	female
"Gough lives and trains in Calgary, where she attended high school with other top athletes, at the National Sport School. "	" Currently, Gough is an engineering student at the University of Calgary."	female
"In 2017, McHardy co-organised an event with Susan Deacy and Katerina Volioti for the Women's Classical Committee UK on 'Bullying and Harassment in UK Classics Departments: Finding Solutions'. "	" McHardy is the author of Revenge in Athenian Culture (Bloomsbury, 2008); and has co-edited the following four volumes:"	female
Most women used these skills to make clothing and household linen items for their families. 	 During this period the final most difficult task for the student of embroidery was the making of an elaborate casket or box depicting scenes using raised embroidery.	female
The reception of Clara Viebig's work was interrupted during the Nazi era because of her marriage to a Jewish publisher. 	" Since the end of the 1980s, the author's works have experience a deserved renaissance - even in the Eifel region."	female
"Bradley was at that time approaching the end of her life; she died in 1999, the same year that the third book of this trilogy was published. "	 This Darkover chronology uses the time period designations first provided by the author as A Readers Guide to Darkover in The Heirs of Hammerfell (1989).	female
She also unsuccessfully tried to open the rear right door that was jammed  	" Finally, another flight attendant succeeded in opening the rear left door allowing several passengers to be evacuated before the fire propagated itself."	female
"The two women decide to rob the hypermarket and give the proceeds to Manny, who can pay off the cops with the stolen money and need never fight again. "	" After lifting the day's takings from the cashier's office at gunpoint, they try to walk out through the crowded store, until two of the management start shooting."	female
"While Dhumavati is generally associated with only inauspicious qualities, her thousand-name hymn relates her positive aspects as well as her negative ones. "	" Dhumavati is described as a great teacher, one who reveals ultimate knowledge of the universe, which is beyond the illusory divisions, like auspicious and inauspicious."	female
"Starting in 2010, she has been associate professor in the division of epidemiology and community health in the School of Public Health at University of Minnesota. "	 Stang is a registered dietitian through the Commission on Dietetic Registration of the American Dietetic Association.	female
"Meanwhile, she had left the Democratic Party, after having criticized Matteo Renzi's policies and joined Giuseppe Civati's Possible. "	" After Civati's resignation, Brignone was elected the new Secretary of Possible."	female
"It is a series of videos and photographs of the artist herself, exploring the theme of gender differences and identity exploration seen through violence and perverse pleasure. "	 The artist's own interpretation of the reason to picture such violence and autoagression is that (...) it might somehow be an aftermath of the works (…) on the concentration camps which were far more political and also dealing with violence.	female
"The revision of her fame and status as an author began in the early decades of the 18th century and led to manifest defamations in the 19th and early 20th centuries: she became seen as a scandalous female author who, some critics audaciously asserted, did not deserve to be ever read again. "	" Later critics, however, looked back on the conclusions of Richetti and others were short-sighted and perhaps even outright misogynistic and more reflective of their era than of general historic scholarship on the author as an important political satirist."	female
"As her work has evolved over the past several years, Baker says she is less conscious of ‘riding the boundary’ between the historically disparate modes. "	 Flat Out also featured freestanding sculptural works such as Kurotoplac Kurve that the artist would explore further in subsequent shows.	female
"She had 11 pupils, which included her five younger brothers. "	 The first school year was brought to an end when a heavy rainstorm flooded the building and sent the teacher and pupils fleeing to higher ground.	female
It was ranked second-best prep school in the United States and best all-girls school by Forbes in 2013.[citation needed] A 2019-20 survey concluded that Brearley was the second-best girls school in the country and the fifth-best private K-12 school in the country. 	 Students of color represented approximately half of the student body.	female
"In 1512, Barbara Zapolya married King Sigismund I the Old. "	" Krzycki wrote a verse to commemorate this marriage, and became Zapolya's secretary the same year."	female
"At age six, she appeared in her first commercial for Mama Celeste Pizza. "	" Patts attended Pasadena Alternative School and, while a student, was appointed to a student trustee's position on the Pasadena Board of Education."	female
"She began law school at University of California, Hastings College of the Law, before eventually receiving her Juris Doctor from the University of Utah. "	" Before becoming a public official, Achtenberg worked for more than 15 years as a civil rights attorney, nonprofit director, and legal educator."	female
"Charmed were three girls in their mid-twenties:Oddrun Valestrand, Lise Monica Nygård, and Hanne Kristine Haugsand. "	 Valestrand is a dancer and an all-round performer.	female
Her task is not difficult. 	" By Poincaré's definition, the librarian's index book is impredicative because the definition of I is dependent upon the definition of the totality I, Ά, β, and Γ."	female
The image of a nurse depicted by the media is typically of a female being over-sexualized as well as diminished intellectually. 	 The over-sexualized nurse is commonly referred to as a naughty nurse and is often seen as a sex symbol or nymphomaniac.	female
"She had three sisters, Amy, Lovisa, and Wilhelmina, as well as one brother, Vitalis. "	" The family moved to Uppsala in 1860, where Segerstedt trained as a teacher at Klosterskolan (Thengbergska school) in 1861."	female
The court in Nykøbing found it proven that Hansen had given her sick and weak patients lethal doses of morphine and diazepam. 	" At the time of the judgment, the nurse appealed to the national court for a declaration of dismissal."	female
"If she were more comfortable singing higher, then the teacher would probably classify her as a soprano. "	" A voice teacher, however, would never classify a singer in more than one voice type, regardless of the size of the vocal range of the singer."	female
It centers on an inquisitive girl who is carefully molded by society to become an obedient bride. 	 This book was the result of ten years of researching the life of the photographer and political activist.	female
Since May 2017 she has been Professor of Holocaust Studies at Goethe University Frankfurt. 	" Steinbacher is the author of several works on the Holocaust, including Musterstadt Auschwitz: Germanisierungspolitik Und Judenmord in Ostoberschlesien (2010) and Auschwitz: A History (2005)."	female
"The only time her name appeared on the ballot was the federal campaign of 1925, when she received 84 votes. "	 As a music teacher Sharp was gifted.	female
"The results of her performances, however, were another triumph for Elssler, and the temporary eclipse of Taglioni. "	" Taglioni, although the finer artist of the two, could not for the moment compete with the newcomer's personal fascination."	female
"When she took a photography course, she became obsessed once more, and graduated with a photography major. "	 Sigismondi started a career as a fashion photographer.	female
She is assisted by her three day-shift orderlies and her assistant doctors and nurses. 	" McMurphy constantly antagonizes Nurse Ratched and upsets the routines of the ward, leading to endless power struggles between the inmate and the nurse."	female
"Cook and Dickerman made this their home and Eleanor had her own room, although she rarely spent the night. "	" Cook, an expert woodworker, made all furniture."	female
"When Vera discovers this, she argues with the woman, who then turns up, inspired by Vera. "	" They agree to both pose nude for the artist, but on condition that they would be buried as normal."	female
"In front of the bust is a figure of a seated female school teacher holding the hand of a young, female student. "	 The scene represents the close relationship between teacher and student that Zahle endorsed.	female
"In February 2008, Vissi signed to Maple Jam Music Group for the management of the release of her upcoming Greek and English albums. "	" Vissi was the most nominated artist with thirteen music videos, and managed to secure the number one position with Treno, while Agapi Ipervoliki came in at number four when the top 30 were announced."	female
"Due to her father's wide recognition in the music industry, legend artist Mohammed Abdel Wahab gave Angham the copyright of his track Basbosa (Cute Girl) to remake it in her new debut record. "	 Angham was the first artist from the 1980s to be given a song from a legend artist.	female
"In November 1938 she teamed up with Marie Pappenheim to establish the Cercle Culturel Autrichien (loosely, Austrian cultural circle). "	 It was financed from Spiegel's earnings as a gymnastics teacher.	female
"Anne Elwood, from her Memoirs of Literary Ladies: It was her invariable habit to write in her bed-room, – a homely-looking, almost uncomfortable room, fronting the street, and barely furnished – with a simple white bed, at the foot of which was a small, old, oblong-shaped sort of dressing-table, quite covered with a common worn writing-desk, heaped with papers, while some strewed the ground, the table being too small for aught besides the desk. "	" A little high-backed cane chair, which gave you any idea but that of comfort, and a few books scattered about, completed the author's paraphernalia."	female
"Back in Brazil, she concentrated on the founding of the country's first large-scale Braille publishing press. "	 The educator also turned to the regulation of education for the blind.	female
"Unlike the heroine of the novel, she did not survive, but is commemorated in the church. "	" According to the preface, the work is a romance and not a historical novel, because the author neither dares, nor desires, to claim for it the dignity or cumber it with the difficulty of an historical novel."	female
"In late 1947, he married Olga Naumova (1901–1978), Natalie's niece. "	 Naumova had lived with the couple and acted as their secretary for 18 years.	female
The topic of her prize-winning essay was same-sex marriage. 	" Darville is reported to have worked variously as a graphic designer, property law lecturer, and physical education teacher."	female
Her other mentors at the school included Jan Tschichold and Paul Klee. 	" After just a semester at the school, Söre Popitz left the Bauhaus, entering the workforce as a designer in Leipzig instead."	female
"Vivian sent her baby daughter, accompanied by her nursemaid, Consuela Strohmeier, to Montreal aboard the Donaldson Atlantic Line's SS Athenia, which was sunk by a German submarine on September 3, 1939 with a loss of 118 passengers. "	 The child and the nurse survived.	female
"In 2018, Hanna started Tees 4 Togo, a project which sells t-shirts with drawings of Hanna's friends such as Kim Gordon, Patton Oswalt, Joan Jett, and Chuck D, along with artists such as Sarah Larnach, Adee Roberson, and Hannah Lucy. 100% of the proceeds go to the non-profit Peace Sisters, which helps fund local girls' school tuition costs in Dapaong, Togo. "	 The cost of one $40 shirt funds an entire school year for a student.	female
"Hinton received the inaugural 1988 Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American YA librarians, citing her first four YA novels, which had been published from 1967 to 1979 and adapted as films from 1982 to 1985. "	" The annual award recognizes one author of books published in the U.S., and specified works taken to heart by young adults over a period of years, providing an 'authentic voice that continues to illuminate their experiences and emotions, giving insight into their lives'."	female
"After several additional visiting professorships at the Technical University of Braunschweig, University of Göttingen, University of Stuttgart, and University of Linz, she settled at the University of Jena until her retirement. "	 Tobies is the author or editor of books including:	female
"Both concerts were commercial success, selling out on both tour dates, and made her one of few top-drawer Japanese artists to hold a concert at the Tokyo Dome. "	" With sales from both the concert and album, Hamasaki was recognized as the top selling artist of 2001 with over 24 billion yen."	female
"In her artworks, the aesthetics are united with the expressive and unfinished «democratic» photography. "	" Each series by the artist is a social and cultural narrative, revealing details of the bohemian lifestyle, family conflicts, personal experiences, which turns into large-scale research, able to move the audience from the emotional maturity to existential."	female
"She has four grandchildren and continues to reside in Asheville, where she lives with her second husband Jim Aycock, former publisher of Black Mountain News. "	 Keever was a teacher for over 25 years.	female
"She is also known for her long-running television exercise show, Morning Stretch. "	 Greggains is a former school and physical education teacher.	female
"In 2013, Miranda Lambert tied McEntire to win Female Vocalist four years in a row and in 2016 Carrie Underwood joined this elite club by winning her fourth Female Vocalist award. "	" McEntire is also a rare musical artist to achieve solo number-ones across four decades (1980s, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s)."	female
"s central storyline revolves around Rebecca Miyamoto, a child prodigy homeroom teacher, and the antics of her class 1-C. "	" Though the story hardly strays from the focus of the four first-year classes labeled 1-A through 1-D, the mishaps that occur in them, the teacher's lounge, and on school trips also become sources of material for topical allusions regarding satire, anime, Internet, gaming, and popular culture."	female
"Soon after she helped form Amici Forever with which she released two successful albums, The Opera Band (2004) and Defined (2005). "	 Maswanganyi is also active as a solo artist on both the concert and opera stages.	female
"However, the Librarian sadly admits that she believes the Ur-Didact to be beyond redemption. "	 The Librarian spares humanity from extinction after their war with the Forerunners.	female
"During World War II, she began a newsletter, Letter Service, that offered instruction in special techniques, and she also taught rug-hooking to servicemen recuperating in military hospitals. "	" The McGown Teacher Workshops, as they became known, centered on McGown's own patterns, which consequently became widely known."	female
"That same year, she completed a group of new paintings and from 1975 they were exhibited regularly. "	" A second movie, Captivity, was never completed after the artist threw the rough cut into the town dump."	female
"She is Professor Emerita of English at the University at Buffalo, where she taught from 1974 to 2000. "	" Kahane is the author of Passions of the Voice, a study of narrative and the strategies of hysteric discourse."	female
The night nurse is tied up and Hinton pretends to be her while the others go to the operating theatre. 	 The nurse arrives before any real damage is done.	female
"In great houses, scullery maids were the lowest-ranked and often the youngest of the female domestic servants and acted as assistant to a kitchen maid. "	 The scullery maid reported (through the kitchen maid) to the cook or chef.	female
"Three weeks before her death, Slaughterback donated her famous rattlesnake skin dress to the Greeley Municipal Museum; Ernie donated more of her possessions after her death, including her Remington rifle. "	 Slaughterback was a nurse during World War II and served in the Pacific Theater.	female
"The Swan is an American reality television program broadcast on Fox in 2004, in which women who were judged to be ugly were given extreme makeovers that included several forms of plastic surgery. "	" Each contestant was assigned a panel of specialists – a coach, therapist, trainer, cosmetic surgeons, and a dentist – who together designed a program of total transformation."	female
"Author and critic Robert Greskovic describes a common understanding of her gifts, Nowhere near the beauty and exemplar of her art that Pavlova and Spessivtseva were, Bronislava Nijinska (1891–1972) instead began to make her mark as a choreographer. "	 Nonetheless Nijinska must have truly excelled as a dancer.	female
Golding was born in Blaenau Ffestiniog in 1881 and her family then moved to Hay on Wye. 	 Golding trained as a nurse.	female
"However, she was part of the Soviet national team that set a team world record of 1152 in this discipline in 1985. "	 Ashumova is a teacher at the Azerbaijan Institute of Physical Culture in Baku.	female
"One of those was Geertruida (Truus) Meuleman, who lived on the same street as Peaux and was the daughter of the rector of the local gymnasium. "	" Meuleman was educated to be a teacher, and the two shared a love for Scandinavian literature and landscape."	female
She saw potential in Wieland and convinced her to transfer into the art department. 	" After graduating in 1948, Wieland held various jobs as a graphic designer."	female
"While her work often includes imagery such as tea parties, and children's cartoon characters, Buffalohead has said that the work is intended to be unsettling. "	" Buffalohead is a mixed media artist, and works in many different mediums, including oil paints, birch bark, porcupine quills, and printmaking."	female
"In 2009, the show and Garten were once again nominated for Daytime Emmy Awards in the categories of Best Culinary Program and Best Culinary Host, and Garten won her first Emmy in the latter category. "	" Garten was reportedly awarded the most lucrative contract for a culinary author to date, signing a multimillion-dollar deal for multiple books."	female
"Several reviewers have argued that her understanding of the scientific method is questionable, and that her explorations of epistemology at times leave her texts virtually meaning-free. "	" This is a book that contradicts itself a hundred times; but that is not a criticism of it, because its author thinks contradictions are a sign of intellectual ferment and vitality."	female
She is an accredited teacher for the American Film Institute and S.A.G. 	" Conservatory, dance teacher and fitness consultant."	female
"She also took courses and started to work as food analyst, starting to become involved in the process of food production and dinner organizations for her events. "	 This year Suzuki has also ventured as a designer.	female
DooLittle began her career as a peepshow girl in New York's Times Square in the 1980s. 	" DooLittle spent three years working on staff as a sex educator with the feminist sex toys store Babeland, holding the position of Education Coordinator and Lead Workshop Facilitator."	female
"Work on them will be funded using Patreon, as mentioned in her blog. (as Michelle Sagara, Luna Books) Kaylin is a young woman with a complicated history. "	" The books tend to be more procedural than the author's other novels, but with an underlying, driving plot."	female
"Unfortunately Alichino has been put on an indefinite hiatus, due to the writer breaking her hand in 2001, leaving people to wonder if the series will be continued, and when. "	" It has since been confirmed in the third Alichino tankoubon that there will be a fourth and that it will probably be the last; however, as of 2005, the author was still writing the Japanese version."	female
"T. Rogers, is a widely praised dramatization of the previously unheralded role of Juul and her husband, and others, in developing the back-channel communications that (reportedly) saved the Oslo negotiations from collapsing. "	" During the first cabinet Stoltenberg, from 2000 to 2001, Juul was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs."	female
While coverage in Le Temps said that she spoke clearly with a convincing vivacity and spoke with authority about her area of expertise. 	" Following graduation, Lavaud worked as a librarian at the Sorbonne."	female
"This depiction of her likely caused some critics to perceive her simply as a young, decorative model who was working with an older established male painter. "	 Gonzalès was Manet's only formal student and also modeled for several members of the Impressionist school.	female
"In 1993, she earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative writing from Brown University "	" The literary journal Granta asked booksellers, librarians, and literary critics to nominate who they believed to be the country's best young author."	female
"Two songs on the album were recorded in the Mandarin Chinese language, which she learned while living in China. "	" Also in 2008, Washburn was a teacher of American folk music in Sichuan University for six weeks, where they promptly told me that I wasn't teaching folk music correctly, because, surely there would be a correct way to do hand gestures for every song."	female
"Koolmatrie learned her craft in the early 1980s from elder and weaver, Dorothy Kartinyeri. "	" Their coiled bundle technique uses local spiny-headed sedge (Cyperus gymnocaulos), known to the artist as bilbili and river rushes, and Koolmatrie is credited with saving the traditional Ngarrindjeri craft."	female
"During the litigation with her label, Rimes asked that Curb give Rimes the rights to all past recordings and videos, give up all publishing interests in her compositions and destroy all currently available recordings. "	" I want to make abundantly clear to you that this album is not a reflection of myself as an artist but is solely the conception of Curb Records, and for that I am truly and deeply sorry."	female
"During late summer 2011, she got into several heated exchanges with the Democratic Party (DS) spokeswoman Jelena Trivan. "	" The artist is signatory of the Declaration on the Common Language of the Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks and Montenegrins within the project Languages and Nationalisms (Jezici i nacionalzmi)."	female
"With the packed house at The Week Rio, and an audience of about three thousand people, Gil celebrated the anniversary of her show and pre-release of his DVD/Blu-ray which hits stores in August: It's eight-year career and three of them working on this show. "	 Today I am an artist mature and aware enough of my segment.	female
A publication called the California Employment Law Letter described the case as follows: The dancer based her suit on the fact that she was an employee of the nightclub rather than an independent contractor. 	" The appellate court, however, after applying a 10-factor test, upheld the jury's verdict in favor of the nightclub and its owners and found that the evidence weighed in favor of classifying the dancer as an independent contractor rather than an employee."	female
The evidence is never considered as the doctor's nurse interrupts the conversation to tell her employer that she must visit her sick father. 	" The nurse drives through a rainy night, meeting a military tank on the road that is apparently hunting foxes."	female
"The report released on 26 October 2011 explained that Winehouse's blood alcohol content was 416 mg per 100 ml (0.416%) at the time of her death, more than five times the legal drink-drive limit. "	" Winehouse's record label, Universal Republic, released a statement that read in part: We are deeply saddened at the sudden loss of such a gifted musician, artist and performer."	female
Initially the girl was panicky but she eventually calmed down when she realized that her situation was safe. 	" Flooding therapy is not for every individual, and the therapist will discuss with the patient the levels of anxiety they are prepared to endure during the session."	female
"McGavin was born in Paisley, Ontario, son of James McGavin, a saddler born in Catrine, Ayrshire, Scotland[citation needed] and Elizabeth Wright, born in Glasgow Scotland, daughter of James Wight and Jean Malcolm.[citation needed] He came to Manitoba in 1877. "	" McGavin was appointed a health officer in 1903, with a stipend of $40 per annum."	male
"Moreau studied this product according to his travels between 1837 and 1840 in Egypt and Syria, and Asia Minor. "	 This book was the first written by a scientist about a drug.	male
In July 2007 he successfully completed the final part of the UEFA Pro Licence course and joined a group of only 111 coaches holding the game's top qualification. 	" Later in the 2004–05 season, Onuora became a coach and youth development officer at Swindon Town."	male
"Among Lao Issara's prominent members were three European-educated princes; brothers Phetsarath Ratanavongsa and Souvanna Phouma, and their half brother, Souphanouvong. "	" Souphanouvong became commander in chief, as well as minister of foreign affairs."	male
"After his Athletics won the 1972 World Series, Williams again led them to victory in the 1973 Series over the New York Mets. "	" Nobody had ever won World Series as a manager in both leagues, thus ensuring that the winning manager of the 1984 Series would be the first to do so."	male
"One of the Mhuruuks who was not slain was Orini, son of Olnar, being just an untrained boy. "	 Eventually Orini became the chief disciple of Dormammu.	male
"After a brief shootout, the policeman wounded Gaggi in the neck and arrested him. "	" Although charged with the murders, and the attempted murder of the police officer, Gaggi was only convicted of assault."	male
"The Penguin underwent change for the series; his appearance was remodeled after the version seen in Batman Returns, which was in production simultaneously with the series' first season. "	" Freeze, who was changed from a gimmicky mad scientist to a tragic figure whose frigid exterior [hid] a doomed love and vindictive fury."	male
"However, since he was too unhealthy, he was rejected from combat duty. "	" There Fischinger attended a trade school and worked as an apprentice, eventually obtaining an Engineer's Diploma."	male
"The conductor arrives (speaking Italian but with an affected German accent), proving theatrically critical of the ensuing performance quality and equally quarrelsome with trade union representatives on site, wearing down the orchestra members as he commands them to play with exceedingly particular nuances bordering on absurd abstraction, leading several musicians to strip away clothing under the strain of this taxing effort. "	" Protesting the conductor's authoritarian abuses, the union reps intervene, spitefully announcing that all musicians will be taking a 20-minute double break."	male
"In March 1987, he was appointed Politico-Military officer for the U.S. "	 Rocha also has served as Deputy Principal Officer of the U.S.	male
"Over a 15-year period beginning in the mid-1980s, he served as communications director for Amnesty International USA, Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Children's Defense Fund. "	 Fulwood was chief media strategist for Human Rights Now!	male
"Guggenheim Foundation selected Frank Gehry as the architect, and its director, Thomas Krens, encouraged him to design something daring and innovative. "	 The curves on the exterior of the building were intended to appear random; the architect said that the randomness of the curves are designed to catch the light.	male
"Faced with a wave of sell orders and needing to raise money for redemptions, the manager of an open-ended fund may be forced to sell stocks he would rather keep, and keep stocks he would rather sell, because of liquidity concerns (selling too much of any one stock causes the price to drop disproportionately). "	" But an investor pulling out of a closed-end fund must sell it on the market to another buyer, so the manager need not sell any of the underlying stock."	male
"During his career, he was a three-time MLB All-Star. "	" After retiring as a player, Kruk became a baseball analyst for ESPN."	male
Ziri ibn Manad or Ziri son of Mennad (died in 971) was the founder of the Zirid dynasty in the Berber world. 	" Ziri ibn Mennad was a chief of the Takalata branch of the Sanhajah confederation, to which the Kutama Berbers belonged."	male
"During the clearing of this mud, Amos and his men discovered another area in the caverns that had been blocked for many years, by a large amount of mud. "	" Upon clearing the newly discovered area, the geologist discovered anthodites."	male
"Afterward, while looking for a stream from which to obtain water with a friend, he discovers from the commanding officer that his regiment has a lackluster reputation. "	 The officer speaks casually about sacrificing the 304th because they are nothing more than mule drivers and mud diggers.	male
In 1972 he was awarded the Soviet honorary title of Hero of Socialist Labor. 	 Rudenko was one of the chief commandants of NKVD special camp Nr.	male
"The Serb Volunteer Guard (Serbian: Српска добровољачка гарда, СДГ / Srpska dobrovoljačka garda, SDG), also known as Arkan's Tigers (or only Tigers; Serbian: Арканови тигрови / arkanovi tigrovi, or only Тигрови / Tigrovi) or Arkan's men (Serbian: Аркановци / Arkanovci), was a Serbian volunteer paramilitary unit founded and led by Arkan that fought in Croatia (1991–93) and Bosnia (1992–95) during the Yugoslav Wars. "	" The Guard was under the command of the Territorial Defense, a regular military in charge of the territories of Croatia populated predominantly by Serbs during the first half of the 1990s."	male
"In 1994, after graduating from San Francisco State University's film school, he started working with Jamie Hyneman at M5 Industries. "	" Belleci worked as a stage manager, running errands and cleaning the shop, but quickly moved up the ranks."	male
A cunning forest officer denies that the tiger entered his range and sketches a plan to capture it and sell it to buyers. 	" The reason why the forest officer planned to capture Thumbaa is because it does not have the tracker, whereas all other tigers in the forest are being monitored."	male
"The ROC crest and cap badge depict a 16th-century soldier holding aloft a flaming torch while shielding his eyes with his free hand, as though looking towards a distant place or object. "	" Uniform tunic buttons, lapel badges and the reverse of the ROC Medal also depict the soldier in the same pose while standing beside a coastal signal fire or warning beacon, with a chain of lit beacons extending along the coastline into the far distance."	male
He was the son of a brewery manager. 	" From 1927 to 1934, Roschmann was a member of the Fatherland's Front, which in turn was part of the Austrian home guard (Heimatschutz)."	male
"When the organization had their first drill on October 25, 1858, the men were in civilian clothing as uniforms were not yet available. "	 The inspector was informed by Col. McLeays that:	male
He finished his playing career with Cork Alberts. 	 Tambling also briefly served as manager of Cork City during the 1984–85 season.	male
"Valuable time was lost when the train manager refused to stop the train until he had investigated the problem himself, saying this was company policy. "	" This decision was upheld in court, absolving the train manager of all charges."	male
"Then D. D. Ivanenko studied at Kharkiv University, from which in 1923 he was transferred to Petrograd University. "	" After graduating the university, from 1927 to 1930 D. Ivanenko was a scholarship student and then a research scientist at the Physical Mathematical Institute of Academy of Sciences of USSR."	male
"The officer was never identified, although Boswell gave a description of him at the time. "	" One SCS officer was convicted in 1983 of beating up suspects on the evidence of a police cadet, who was subsequently ostracised and resigned."	male
"His original plan for the gameplay and combat was to combine mechanics from simulation and adventure games, breaking away from RPG trends. "	" Due to these creative differences, Kikuta resigned as Sacnoth's CEO following the release of Koudelka in 1999, going on the found the music label Norstrilia."	male
He is portrayed in the live dramas by Tori Matsuzaka. 	" Heiji Hattori was inspired by the fictional Inspector Hattori, from Shunsaku Kudo stories."	male
"The discs now increase his physical attributes in geometric progression to numbers of victims wearing slave discs, and he was able to control the actions of all persons wearing the discs. "	" The Controller is a highly skilled chemist and mechanical engineer, with a college degree in chemistry and electrical and mechanical engineering."	male
"Mangold's work challenges the typical connotations of what a painting is or could be, and his works often appear as objects rather than images. "	 Elements refer often to architectural elements or have the feeling of an architect's hands.	male
"Johannesen also set a total of four world records over the course of his career, the most famous of which was his 15:46.6 on the 10,000 m at the 1960 Olympics. "	" Beside skating, Johannesen worked as a carpenter and later ran a gas station."	male
He demonstrated that the emission is mostly concentrated in the microwave spectral range. 	" By 1950, Prokhorov was assistant chief of the oscillation laboratory."	male
"At the University of Hull, he gained a BSc in Economics in 1954 during a two-year break from the Ministry of Power. "	 Dearing joined the civil service as a 16-year-old clerical officer in 1946.	male
"While Bandem is well known for his creative directing in monumental works in Balinese performing arts, he also masters the Gagaku and Bugaku, the classical Japanese music and dance that he learned from his teacher Matsaro Togi, a national treasure of classical Japanese dance. "	" Furthermore, Bandem is also a culture engineer."	male
"In 1403, he was ordered to write a compilation of every subject and every known book of the Chinese. "	" Xie was appointed chief compiler of this encyclopedia, later named the Yongle Encyclopedia, and completed it by 1408."	male
"From 1926 to 1930, he was the Minister of Labour, and became known as Peter the Peacemaker for settling 160 labour disputes in his first three years. "	 Heenan still found time to work as a locomotive engineer when the House was not in session.	male
"Gabriel Józef Narutowicz (Polish: [ˈɡabrjɛl naruˈtɔvit͡ʂ]; 29 March 1865 – 16 December 1922) was a Polish professor of hydroelectric engineering and politician who served as the first President of Poland from 11 December 1922 until his assassination on 16 December, five days after assuming office. "	" A renowned engineer and politically independent, Narutowicz was the first elected head of state following Poland's regained sovereignty from partitioning powers."	male
"Fernow's observation and works like Report on the Forests of North America (Charles S. Sargent, 1884) showed him the need for proper forest management in the U.S., and he lectured on the subject. "	 Fernow became chief of the USDA's Division of Forestry in 1886.	male
"A founding member of Transparency International, he is on their advisory council and served as the first chairman of TI-Latin America. "	 MacLean-Abaroa has served as a consultant and advisor on governance and anti-corruption issues to different international organizations and governments.	male
"After brilliant conduct in the artillery, he has proven the highest qualities of courage by attacking numerous balloons and has shot down four. "	 Officer of the highest value; pursuit pilot of heroic bravery.	male
"At about 1:30 a.m. on the day of the explosions, the company called an inspector and informed him that there had been some leakage from the facility. "	 The inspector visited the site and checked for vapors on some nearby streets but did not notice a serious problem.	male
Lie joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after receiving his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. 	 Lie was editor-in-chief for Det 20de Aarhundre ('The 20th Century') from 1919 to 1921.	male
"He has spent his political career representing Pernambuco, having served as state representative since 2011. "	 Before entering politics Coutinho worked as a civil engineer.	male
He also contributed to the Royal Society and the International Union for Co-operation in Solar Research. 	 This was an important appointment for such a junior scientist.	male
Beckman shared his expertise in glass-blowing by teaching classes in the machine shop. 	 Beckman dealt first-hand with the chemists' need for good instrumentation as manager of the chemistry department's instrument shop.	male
In the summer of 2013 he replaced Thomas Maale as manager of the club. 	 Following a successful first season as manager Krogh was hired as manager of Næstved BK in the summer of 2014.	male
In 1945 he moved to Lübeck. 	 Kühnert's most active period as an architect was in the 1920s.	male
He took the stage name Robert T. Odeman when he began his career as an actor and musician. 	" After training to become a carpenter, Odeman studied classical piano, successfully performing throughout Europe for several years as a pianist."	male
"Trapp created the Oklahoma Forestry Commission, the Oklahoma Conservation Commission, and the Oklahoma Fish and Game Commission out of his desire to preserve the environment. "	 Trapp also proved to be an effective law enforcement officer.	male
After Bayer he was the CEO of Treofan Group. 	" Prior to Neste, Vanacker was the CEO and Managing Director of CABB Group GmbH from 2015 to 2018."	male
"In 1865, after 15 years of service as an officer, Luitenant Tan Tjoen Tiat was raised to the rank his father-in-law had held, that of Kapitein. "	" This mayoral elevation went against existing tradition, which favoured the longest-serving Kapiteins from long-established officer families, and thus showed the confidence in which the colonial government held the new Majoor."	male
"The men who attained the command of the Guard following year 2 BC were equites with an elevated seniority, classifying right behind the prefect of Egypt. "	" The Praetorian Guard, like all legionnaires, disposed of various equipment to execute different missions."	male
"The priest is spirited to the past by Pazuzu to observe Merrin exorcising a young boy, Kokumo, in Africa. "	 Kokumo has become a scientist studying how to prevent locust swarms.	male
"The military background of Baasha is not explicit in the text, though he reportedly killed Nadab within the king's own military camp. "	 Which would indicate that Baasha was a soldier or officer in Nadab's army.	male
"Pushing on with his battalion towards the Marne, his troops eventually took 1,500 prisoners and captured in excess of 30 field guns and machine guns. "	" Promoted to hauptmann (captain), Ravenstein was posted to the Imperial Guard as a battalion commander."	male
Kurtz has publicly declined to state his political affiliation. 	" As a high-profile media critic and analyst, Kurtz's political leanings and multiple employers and possible biases have been discussed by fellow media critics and pundits."	male
"Although Prichard was a contemporary of Potter's (he was about eleven years her junior and in his twenties when the incident took place), Potter's tailor is shown as a little old man in spectacles, with a pinched face, old crooked fingers, and the action of The Tailor of Gloucester takes place in the 18th century. "	" Potter sketched the Gloucester street where the tailor's shop stood as well as cottage interiors, crockery, and furniture."	male
"While he was Managing Director of Internode, he was frequently active in the Internode forum on Whirlpool, and is a vocal commentator on Australian telecommunications competition issues and Government policies. "	" Hackett stepped down from the Redflow board effective at the 2018 AGM, while remaining involved in a technical role as Systems Integration Architect."	male
Vovos (Greek: Αρμόδιος Άρης Βωβός; born 21 October 1964) is a Greek businessman. 	 Vovos is a rally driver and was president of Maroussi Basketball Club.	male
"At the end of the 2015–16 season, Barrowman confirmed his retirement from football. "	" After retiring at the end of the 2015–16 season, Barrowman became Scottish brand manager for sportswear firm Joma at the beginning of 2017."	male
"Craig Shakespeare took over as caretaker manager, and in his first match in charge, Leicester won 3–1 against fifth-placed Liverpool, with Vardy scoring a brace. "	" Following two impressive results and initiating the type of positive response that we hoped change would bring, the club's owners then decided Shakespeare would become the club's manager until the end of the season."	male
"Santamaría began representing Spain in 1958, his debut coming on 15 October against Northern Ireland (6–2 friendly win in Madrid). "	" After working with the youth sides and spending two years with the under-21s, Santamaría was appointed manager of the full team for the 1982 World Cup, due to be played on home soil."	male
"After Oesch was released from prison in February 1948, he devoted himself to military history, researching and writing extensively on Finnish experiences in World War II. "	 Oesch was also one of the founders and chief editor of a popular magazine on World War II Finnish history.	male
"The Romantic revival, seeing in him a victim of its special bête noire Boileau, and attracted by his splendid diction, rich metrical faculty, and combination of classical and medieval peculiarities, adopted his name as a kind of battle-cry, and for the moment exaggerated his merits somewhat. "	 Ronsard was the acknowledged chief of the Pléiade and its most voluminous poet.	male
"According to IDEAS/RePEc, he ranked 185th in September 2018 in terms of research among 54 233 registered economists (i.e, among the top 0.4%). "	" Remarkably, the same farmer shows diminished cognitive performance before harvest, when poor, compared with after harvest, when rich."	male
"A few days later, the child is kidnapped by Gort and Hiller is also captured: both are taken to a derelict house where he encounters Salto (Hope). "	 It transpires that Hiller is a computer programmer who Salto had bribed to obtain details of the security system at a bank near Heathrow Airport.	male
"Vladimir Teodorovich Spivakov (Russian: Влади́мир Теодо́рович Спивако́в) (born 12 September 1944 in Ufa), is a leading Soviet and Russian conductor and violinist best known for his work with the Moscow Virtuosi chamber orchestra. "	" At the age of 13, Spivakov was awarded the first prize at the major conductor contest in Moscow."	male
"It is true that Mendeleev in 1892 became head of the Archive of Weights and Measures in Saint Petersburg, and evolved it into a government bureau the following year, but that institution was charged with standardising Russian trade weights and measuring instruments, not setting any production quality standards, Also, Mendeleev's 1865 doctoral dissertation was entitled A Discourse on the combination of alcohol and water, but it only discussed medical-strength alcohol concentrations over 70%, and he never wrote anything about vodka. "	 A number of places and objects are associated with the name and achievements of the scientist.	male
"In addition to his substantial contributions to web standards, Pemberton was also one of the developers of the ABC programming language and of the Views System, an open-architecture user interface system and application environment. "	 Pemberton was editor-in-chief of SIGCHI Bulletin from 1993 to 1999 and of ACM Interactions from 1998 to 2004.	male
"Rutte resigned from his position in government in June 2006 to return to the House of Representatives, and he soon became the parliamentary leader of the VVD. "	 Rutte was campaign manager for the 2006 municipal elections.	male
A hockey player and his friend Jay MacDonald were inspired to bring a team to St. 	" Pilous would be coach & general manager of the team, and MacDonald would be secretary & treasurer."	male
In minutes he preempted any possibility of violent resistance from hard-line priistas. 	 It was an act of electoral integrity that will forever mark the mild-mannered economist as a historic figure of Mexico's peaceful transition to democracy.	male
"Blume studied mathematics at Trinity College and pursued postgraduate study in finance at the University of Chicago, where he completed a master's degree and doctorate. "	" Blume was chief editor of the Journal of Finance from 1977 to 1980, and also served as editor of the Journal of Financial Economics, The Journal of Portfolio Management, and The Journal of Fixed Income."	male
"The league was led by Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg, and by Lekë Dukagjini following his death. "	 They voted Skanderbeg as their suzerain chief.	male
"By 1950, he was in charge of the Sierra Leone Organization Society. "	" After heading the departments of Health, Agriculture, and Forestry, Margai was elected chief minister in 1954."	male
His participation in a convocation of business leaders and students at Harvard University during the Vietnam War landed him in the Nixon Enemies List. 	 Palmieri served as the Deputy Rehabilitator and CEO at Mutual Benefit from 1991 until 1994.	male
"They formed a songwriting duo who produced about forty songs and created Buscaglione's public persona, a humorous tough guy with a penchant for whisky and women. "	" At that time, Chiosso was a university student, while Buscaglione eked out a living as a jazz singer and musician in those clubs."	male
"According to the Law of Uppland, the hundreds of Uppland provided as many as four ships each (four ships, each with 24 crewmen and a steersman, each equals 100 men), those of Västmanland two ships and those of Roslagen one ship (the name indicate that this was seen as just one ship's crew but they were not part of a hundred and might have had the same rights/function of whole hundred only fewer people). "	" Later 12th-13th century changes to this law code list more extensive equipment for the more affluent freemen, with helmet, mail hauberk, shield, spear and sword being what the well-to-do farmer or burgher must bring to war."	male
His mother was Russian. 	" During World War I, Zoshchenko served in the army as a field officer, was wounded in action several times, and was heavily decorated."	male
"Under section 50(1) of the Police Force Ordinance, a police officer can apprehend (i.e. arrest) a person if he reasonably suspects the person being arrested is guilty of an offence. "	 Whether there is such a reasonable suspicion in a particular case is to be determined objectively by reference to facts and information which the arresting officer has at the time of the arrest.	male
"In response to the captain's inquiries, the first officer replied that he did not see the runway. "	 The landing gear was raised and the first officer announced that the flight was executing a missed approach.	male
"About 1856, he led his people in relocating to the Omaha reservation in what is now northeastern Nebraska. "	 LaFlesche served as principal chief until 1888.	male
"In 1836, he became a surgeon in the marine brigade which took part in the Carlist War, gaining distinction through his services. "	 Alcock was made deputy inspector-general of hospitals.	male
"A graduate of the École des Hautes Études Commerciales, he received his MBA from Columbia Business School where he was a Fulbright scholar. "	 Perraud was executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) of Schlumberger.	male
He named Gutfeld his successor. 	 Zinczenko became editor-in-chief in 2000.	male
"His loyal service earned him the governorships of Izu Province, Kozuke and a number of others in turn, as well as a number of other high government positions. "	" Yorimitsu served as commander of a regiment of the Imperial Guard, and as a secretary in the Ministry of War."	male
"On 19 December 1999, Llewelyn was driving alone to a book signing event when his Renault Mégane was involved in a head-on collision with a Fiat Bravo driven by a 35-year-old man on the A27 near the village of Berwick, East Sussex. "	 The other driver was seriously injured.	male
He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Infantry Branch of the United States Army on 29 September 1911. 	" Prior to World War I, Gerow served in a series of assignments as a company grade officer in the Infantry."	male
Per's father Hauk Aabel played the starring role as Jeppe; it has been extremely unusual in Norwegian cinema for a son to direct a film with his father in a leading role. 	 Jeppe is a poor farmer who drinks too much.	male
"He obtained leave of absence in 1898 to inquire into methods of teaching electrical subjects in Europe, but on his return resigned his chair as from 31 December 1898, as circumstances had made it necessary that he should live in England. "	" Threlfall now became a consulting engineer and established a high reputation as an electro-chemist, combining chemical insight with the aptitude of an engineer."	male
"He also studied conducting under Erich Kleiber, and Karl Muck. "	" Konoye co-founded the Japan Symphonic Association in 1925, and the following year became conductor of the orchestra."	male
"Halpin was promoted to second mate of Salem, a wool clipper on the Australia run, before he transferred over from sail to steam ships. "	 Halpin believed steam was the future of shipping and became first officer in Khersonese.	male
Watson was frustrated by the number of children who committed a petty crime and faced him in his courtroom. 	" As a law official, the sheriff arrested the vagrant children and enrolled them in school."	male
Army officers forced him to relocate with his people to a small camp close to the Pine Ridge Agency. 	 Here the soldiers could more closely watch the old chief.	male
"According to Goetz he then approached Cabey and shot him on the ground; however, another witness disputed that Goetz shot Cabey a second time. "	 Cabey ended up slumped in the short seat in the corner of the car next to the conductor's cab.	male
"Governor King recommended he take the office permanently despite his inebriate habits, for no other person in the colony was at all equal to that office and the salary, then about (Pounds)350 with the benefit of several assigned servants and land grants, was insufficient inducement. "	 Atkins remained the colony's principal legal officer for years.	male
"He, along with his team, discovered natural antisense RNA. "	" Inouye was also a key scientist involved in the discovery and characterization of retrons, which are retroviral-like elements found in various bacterial genomes."	male
He lived for about 10 years in the South of France where he built yachts. 	" Huggett was reported to have been an intelligence officer, who from 1989 ran a school for children in Hampshire."	male
"After his basic military service in 1975, he graduated at the Theresian Military Academy. "	" from 1988 to 1991, Commenda was the chief instructor of tactics at the National Defense Academy."	male
"Born to a working-class family in Cambuslang, Ure attended Rutherglen Academy until he was 15 years old. "	" After leaving school Ure attended Motherwell Technical College and then began to work as an engineer, training at the National Engineering Laboratory (NEL), in nearby East Kilbride."	male
"He was born in Rimouski, Quebec, the son of Francois Parent and Adelaide Tremblay, and came to Manitoba with his family in 1876 by way of Woonsocket, Rhode Island. "	" Parent was a farmer, grain dealer and financial agent."	male
But Lax's primary contributions to the negotiation literature come from his two books with Professor Sebenius. 	 The Manager as Negotiator made a number of contributions to the field of negotiation.	male
"In early 1875, he moved to Cañon City, Colorado, and worked for James Clelland in his general mercantile store. "	" Peabody quickly climbed the ladder at Clelland's store, becoming a manager, then a full partner, and then purchasing the store outright in 1882."	male
"The son of a French wine importer and his German wife, Claude Dornier was born in Bavaria where he grew up and attended school, with science being his chief interest. "	" As a young engineer, Dornier first worked on strength calculations at the Nagel Engineering Works in Karlsruhe."	male
"Once the ruffian shoots his air gun, scoring a direct hit on Holmes's dummy across the street, Holmes and Watson are on him, and he is soon disarmed and restrained. "	" They are led by Inspector Lestrade, who arrests the gunman."	male
"According to his Stasi documents, his friendship with the painter Kurt W. "	" From 1980, Geißler worked as a freelance composer and conductor."	male
"In the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s, he worked with The Soft Machine, Savoy Brown, Ten Years After, King Crimson and Led Zeppelin. "	 As engineer unless otherwise specified:	male
"Toth's association with the group began when he was working at a Boston Borders Books; The mother of Vertical Horizon's lead singer and guitarist Matt Scannell, was shopping in the bookstore and asked Ed for a Vertical Horizon CD, which he had listened to and quite enjoyed. "	" Toth went to the show as the manager's friend; and when the band had an opening for a drummer, Toth auditioned for the spot."	male
He is a former chairman of the Hong Kong branch of Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. 	" After holding the post, Leung became an honorary advisor for the local governments of Shenzhen, Tianjian and Shanghai on land reform."	male
"After taking a hiatus (2001-2009) from film and dramatic television, he returned in 2009 as attorney Alvin Potter for Robert Townsend's Musical Theater of Hope. "	 Franks came to television as a youth performing on variety shows as a musician and singer.	male
It's like he's had it – it ain't no fun no more. 	" The curse part of it is the business you have to deal with, and then the blessing part is you get to be a musician and have fun…"	male
"On 10 March, in worsening weather and with his own supplies dwindling, Cherry-Garrard turned for home. "	" Atkinson would later write, I am satisfied that no other officer of the expedition could have done better."	male
"If the driver now moves his control to the brake position, air is admitted to the train pipe. "	" According to the driver's manipulation of the control, some or all of the vacuum will be destroyed in the process."	male
"Sensing that it was unsafe for him to remain in Germany he emigrated to the United States in 1936, where he became professor at the University of California, Berkeley. "	 Goldschmidt was the first scientist to use the term hopeful monster.	male
"The final series of Superteams was duly won by 'Watersports' (a team representing swimming, water-skiing and diving) which was led by Olympic swimmer Robin Brew who excelled at running events and also in the gym tests, where the bar jump became his speciality. "	" The RAF officer then completed a successful first year in Superstars by becoming the last ever International champion, this time much more comfortably."	male
"Sowry was born in Palmerston North, and attended Tararua College in Pahiatua where he was head boy. "	" After working for a time at the Valuation Department, Sowry was employed by Hannahs, shoe manufacturers and retailers as a retail manager."	male
And with the composer Franz Gleißner he started a publishing firm in 1796 using lithography. 	 Senefelder was appointed 1809 to be the Inspector of a new Institution set up for this purpose in Bavaria called the Lithographic Institute (Lithographische Anstalt) in Munich.	male
"Since the architect has a deep involvement in the success of a project, he must perform his work under a clearly defined contract. "	" Under this contract, the architect and the owner are under the obligation of the contract and must abide by it."	male
"Prior to his entry in provincial politics, Fournier was the defeated candidate of the Liberal Party of Canada in Châteauguay in 1988 and was also involved in the leadership campaign of Paul Martin for Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada in which Jean Chrétien eventually won. "	" Before the Quebec Liberal Party took power in the 2003 election, Fournier at various moments served as the chief whip of the official opposition, critic for Canadian intergovernmental affairs, as well as critic for health."	male
In April 2005 he took on the post of chief executive officer of IT:Autostrade per l'Italia. 	" Following the transformation of the Autostrade Group into Atlantia, Castellucci also assumed the role of chief executive officer of the new holding."	male
"After he and the others escaped Planet Doom, went to the Castle of Lions on Planet Arus, where they met Princess Allura and Coran and were designated as the Voltron Force. "	 Hunk is a mechanic and Voltron Force member.	male
"LePointe, while riding a limousine with local health officials, is attacked by two infected crewmen who use a jackhammer through the vehicle door and drag the driver out to feed on him. "	" The other official and LePointe, forced to leave their driver behind, escape by driving in reverse."	male
"Throughout the film, the truck driver remains anonymous and unseen, with the exception of three separate shots, where the stunt driver can very briefly be seen in the truck's cab, where his arm waves Weaver on into oncoming traffic, and where Weaver observes the driver's snakeskin boots. "	" Spielberg says that the effect of not seeing the driver makes the real villain of the film the truck itself, rather than the driver."	male
He served as Minister of Agriculture from 1912 to 1913. 	 Enge was a farmer by profession.	male
It is still incredible to me that he actually brought the orchestra through to the end. 	" The extensive press coverage of the incident made Monteux at age thirty-eight, truly a famous conductor."	male
"They never believed they would actually get the musician to appear in the film, but thought putting him in the script would make the studio excited about it. "	" Cusack knew Springsteen socially, and called the musician up and pitched the idea."	male
"Secrist, son of J.S. "	" Secrist, volunteered as the construction manager with all other laborers volunteering their time as well."	male
Z guard - also known as the 93 guard is a position where the practitioner locks his feet together and clamps down on the opponents thigh while using their top leg knee to exert pressure into the opponents hip. 	 The more the top player is pressuring into the top leg the tighter they lock the guard onto themselves while exerting more energy than the bottom player.	male
"From 1961 until his retirement in 1989, Truesdell was professor of rational mechanics at Johns Hopkins University. "	" Truesdell was the founder and editor-in-chief of the journals Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis and Archive for History of Exact Sciences, which were unusual in several ways."	male
"In 1993, ICI Pharmaceuticals demerged to become Zeneca, and in 1994 he was appointed chief executive officer of the new company. "	 McKillop became chief executive officer (CEO) of the merged company.	male
"Thompson also said, the 'social commentary' on this album is akin to a sociopath's discharging his AK-47 into a crowded schoolyard, with the machine gun bursts interrupted by Pee-wee Herman's views on politics. "	 The sheriff had previously told local retailers that selling the album could result in a prosecution for obscenity violations.	male
"After winning the Serie A Footballer of the Year Award later that month, Buffon hinted that he could possibly play for Italy again, stating: I took a break from the national team. "	" With the way I am though, both for Juventus and for the national team I have always considered myself a soldier, so I could never desert a possible call in the future if needed."	male
"During one rally in the United Kingdom, he needed a spare part and happened to find a brand new Saab 96 on a parking lot. "	 The co-driver managed to defuse the situation by explaining that Carlsson was a factory driver for Saab and the owner would be given a new car.	male
"Approximately 40,000 men served with the division between 1940 and 1946. "	 The following officers served as commanding officer of the 7th Division:	male
It looked like he would soar on for all time. 	 The illusion was helped by the conductor in the orchestra pit who held the penultimate chord.	male
"He rather sharply and emotionally criticized his predecessors and opponents, but he treated students warmly, seeing them as like-minded people, communicated informally, took them to exhibitions, to the cinema, to cafes. "	" A successful career was overshadowed by the fact that Zinoviev was in fact restricted to leave, although the scientist was repeatedly invited to foreign events."	male
Code built a large woollen mill at Carleton Place in 1871; he was forced to close it due to financial difficulties in 1878. 	 Code joined the federal Ministry of Internal Revenue as an Inspector of Weights and Measures in 1880.	male
"In 1988, he was appointed manager of Huddersfield Town and remained there until 1992. "	 Hand began working with the FAI in 1999 as a career guidance officer.	male
Two years later Jallud assumed Gaddafi's remaining administrative and protocol duties to allow Gaddafi to devote his time to revolutionary theorizing. 	 Gaddafi remained commander in chief of the armed forces and effective head of state.	male
He also served as first president of the Calgary Medical Society. 	 Lafferty retired from the practice of medicine in 1909 but served as a hospital inspector from 1909 until 1918 (or possibly later).	male
"There he handled a large number of corporate finance deals, including the bidding for UMTS licenses in Europe for Telefónica, totaling more than US$15 billion. "	" The firm in which Hayek was CEO, split into two entities in 2006 following Hayek's departure to join the Lebanese Government under Prime Minister Siniora."	male
Air Marshal Ahmed Shafik received the highest medals and merits during his service. 	" As a young officer, Shafik served as a Mig-19 and Mig-21 fighter pilot and was later appointed as fighter air squadron commander."	male
"In 1998, he was named principal conductor, and he became music director in 2004. "	" Solzhenitsyn stepped down as music director in 2010, and became conductor laureate."	male
"When Bjerknes' grant ended, he was hired by Otto Pettersson as his main assistant at the Swedish Hydrographic and Biological Commission. "	 Pettersson is the chief scientist of the Commission's research vessel fleet.	male
He also served in that chamber's party leadership as the Senate Democratic Caucus Secretary from 2005 to 2010. 	 Albertson is a singer-songwriter and musician that has toured in 26 countries.	male
"In the 1976 film The Last Hard Men, actor Charlton Heston portrayed Captain Sam Burgade, a retired Captain of the Arizona Rangers who pursues the ruthless outlaw who has escaped from prison and kidnapped Burgade's daughter for revenge. "	 Burgade had been the arresting officer for the crime that sent the outlaw to prison.	male
"Still suspicious, Koenig quizzes him on Earth history to confirm his identity as a human being. "	" The scientist gives all the correct answers, down to the winner of the 1998 World Series."	male
She later received her PhD Ifrom University of Colorado Boulder in ecology and evolutionary biology. 	" Zelikova is an ecosystem scientist, filmmaker, and activist."	female
"Bush administration, then-Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole recruited her for the Department of Labor. "	" Dominguez served as Assistant Secretary for Employment Standards, Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) and Architect of the Labor Department's Glass Ceiling Initiative."	female
In her spare time she was involved with a number of cultural and sporting initiatives as well as writing for the local paper and co-writing a book on the history of the performing arts. 	 Parsons also served as Cultural Officer from 1984-1989 and has been active in culture and sports.	female
"On March 8, 2017, during an International Women's Day panel discussion on ABC Local Radio, Wriedt clarified that she was not a member of any political party, saying that after she retired from Parliament in 2009 she “did not receive a membership renewal form from the ALP, which I took as a message that I was no longer welcome”. "	 Wriedt was appointed executive officer of Cystic Fibrosis Tasmania in 2010.	female
"She herself however was 'one of the most successful teachers in the history of psychoanalysis ... her seminars were remarkable experiences for students, and her classes were remembered as spectacles'. "	" Deutsch was a very esteemed and beloved training analyst and supervisor, whose seminars, based on case studies, were known to often run into the early morning hours."	female
"Among them, she has won an Academy Award, three Golden Globes, a BAFTA, an Emmy, two David di Donatello, and was the first-ever recipient of a Leopard Club Award, which honors film professionals whose work has left a mark on the collective imagination. "	 Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters.	female
"In November 2009, a Prison Officer from HMYOI Aylesbury was jailed after it emerged that she had become pregnant after having a sexual relationship with an inmate. "	 The Prison Officer was also convicted of smuggling three mobile phones into HMYOI Aylesbury.	female
"Confused, Milja turns to a female guard and asks her what happens next. "	 The guard tells Milja that a vote will be held to decide whether or not to let Milja stay.	female
Geske earned her J.D. degree from the Marquette University Law School in 1975. 	 Geske worked as chief staff attorney for the Legal Aid Society of Milwaukee until 1979.	female
In 2003 she graduated from the Moscow State Academy of Instrument Engineering and Information qualified as an economist. 	" Prior to enrollment as a cosmonaut, Serova had worked as an engineer of the 2nd category for the RSC Energia, and in the Mission Control Center."	female
"Tatyana Sergeyevna Moskvina (also Tatsiana Siarheievna Maskvina, Belarusian: Таццяна Сяргееўна Масквіна; born 10 January 1973 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian-born Belarusian judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category. "	" Currently a permanent resident in Minsk and a naturalized Belarusian citizen, Moskvina trained under head coach and sensei M. Ramazanov for Dinamo."	female
"After French and Saunders graduated from the Royal Central School, they decided to form a double-act called the Menopause Sisters. "	" The manager of the club recalled, They didn't seem to give a damn."	female
"She established a practice in North Kensington and was an expert on childhood enuresis (bedwetting) and an early believer in what would now be called socialised medicine.[citation needed] In 1911, Bentham was a driving force behind the establishment of a mother and baby clinic in North Kensington, founded by the Women's Labour League in memorial to Margaret MacDonald and Mary Middleton. "	" Bentham served as the clinic's chief medical officer, and benefactor, underwriting its expenses."	female
"Williams put much effort into working with youth choirs to perform her works, including Mary Lou's Mass at St. "	 It marked the first time a jazz musician had played at the church.	female
"Lady Rosebery owned large investments in North America, including ranches in Texas and mines in Montana. "	 The newspaper went on to describe Rosebery as looking like a prosperous farmer.	female
"When asked if Mariandel is his daughter, Faninal retorts in a rage that his daughter is outside. "	" Mariandel now offers to make a statement in private, and retires behind a screen with the Police Inspector."	female
"Morissette (as the driver) gets out of the car, and all her passengers have disappeared. "	" The driver in a red knit beanie was the one in control, the responsible one."	female
"In 1992, she was named the project scientist of the Shuttle-Mir Program (STS-60, STS-63, STS-71, Mir 18, Mir 19), and served in this capacity until the conclusion of the Phase 1A Program in 1995. "	" From 1993 through 1996, Whitson held the additional responsibilities of the deputy division chief of the Medical Sciences Division at NASA-JSC."	female
GMA Network appointed Lilybeth Rasonable as Officer-in-charge of the Entertainment Group. 	" Rasonable has been with the network since 1998 and has served as program manager, assistant vice president, and vice president for drama for the Entertainment Group."	female
After her hockey career she completed a master's degree in Sport and Exercise Psychology and her doctorate in coaching expertise development from the University of Victoria. 	" Planella has worked at the National Coaching Institute and Canadian National Sport Centre, in performance psychology as an educator and strategist, performance analyst and coaching effectiveness researcher."	female
"During the height of its industrial prowess Holyoke was a regular stop on Vaudeville circuits, with its most famous actress, Eva Tanguay, known as The Girl Who Made Vaudeville Famous. "	" Tanguay was soon discovered by a Pennsylvania touring company, and went on to become the first American popular musician to achieve mass-media celebrity."	female
She continued to teach immunology online until her death. 	 Pontzer joined the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health (NCCIH) as a scientific review officer in 2002.	female
"While in 1799, it is the father (Fenwick) who is the enlightened soul and his male friends are also scientists (Armstrong, the physician, and Roget, the to-be-author of the thesaurus), his wife (Susannah) is a stereotypical wife of the time and their two daughters (Maria and Harriet) are expected to be such, too. "	 The decision of one of them to become a scientist leads to disapproval.	female
"Later, she received a Doctor of Philosophy in International Health Studies from Queen Margaret University, in Edinburgh, Scotland. "	 Ssali is an experienced social scientist with a long track record in the field stretching back to the late 1990s.	female
Corrales moved to the United States to attend the University of Washington where she received her bachelor’s in economics. 	 Corrales previously served as chief operating officer and chief financial officer at Nest.	female
The Miss Deaf USA 2005 winner was the first USA participant in this competition. 	" As MDU's CEO, Leek attended the event and met pageant directors from other countries, who expressed their will to initiate a similar pageant in the USA as well as in other countries."	female
"A short time into her part-time job, the store's owner stepped down and offered Bestwick to take over the business, to which she agreed. "	" At Microbyte, Bestwick was promoted time and time again, eventually becoming promotions manager and later sales manager."	female
In total she met during 84 days of parliamentary session. 	 Haldorsen was medical superintendent of a children's home and advisor to a hospital board from 1959 to about 1964.	female
"On her return to India, Albuquerque worked with Jerusha Jhirad at the Bangalore Maternity Hospital, as senior obstetrician from 1922 to 1925. "	" After Jhirad left for Bombay, Albuquerque became senior medical officer at the hospital."	female
"Adams married his wife, Mary, in the late 1970s. "	 The pair met when the latter travelled to the Northwest Territories to find work as a home economist.	female
"Titre returned to EA Games in 2013, where she worked on Dance Central 3 and The Sims 4. "	" Around 2015, Titre started working as the manager of the art and computer animation department for Ubisoft."	female
Whilst at university she became involved in student politics and was elected as the environment officer for the University of Melbourne Student Union in 2007. 	 Sandell worked for the Australian Youth Climate Coalition (AYCC) between 2009 and 2012 serving as general manager before becoming the group's National Director.	female
"Dr. Mathur has a teaching experience of more than 16 years, she started her career as an assistant professor in 2003 at Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi. "	 Dr. Mathur is a very proactive Scientist and has been into various extramural and administrative activities.	female
Jean Schmidt knew that those complaints and those allegations had no merit when she mailed the letter. 	" Schmidt was struck by a hit and run driver while jogging, and was diagnosed with two broken ribs and two fractured vertebrae."	female
She is the only speaker in the Conference's 10-year history to be invited to speak more than once. 	 Hatchett has appeared on numerous media outlets as a guest commentator and legal analyst on national issues.	female
One of the most significant contributors of Garm was Tove Jansson who started her career in the magazine as a cartoonist in 1929 when she was just fifteen. 	 Over time the former became the magazine's chief illustrator.	female
She clerked for Justice Alan B. Handler of the New Jersey Supreme Court and has taught at University of Washington since 1996. 	" As of 2011, Ramasastry is a senior advisor in the International Trade Administration at the US Dept."	female
"A 911 caller reported that a woman had been speeding down the street, struck a parked car, got out of the vehicle, and then left on foot. "	" Forty minutes later, another call was placed indicating that the driver had returned."	female
"In 1999, she defended her PhD dissertation, titled State Regulation of the tax system, at the Kyiv National Economic University and received a Ph.D. in Economics. "	 Tymoshenko has worked as a practicing economist and academic.	female
She also adds vocals and music to various projects. 	" Additionally Brouder retains current licenses in nursing, cosmetology and as a real estate broker."	female
"Ursula, Lady Walsingham, continued to live at Barn Elms with a staff of servants until her death in 1602. "	" Protestants lauded Walsingham as a sound pillar of our commonwealth and chief patron of virtue, learning and chivalry."	female
"The final member of Empowered's primary supporting cast is an immortal, cosmically powerful being called The Caged Demonwolf, whom Empowered prevented from destroying the Earth by imprisoning its essence within a bondage belt gained from another of her previous misadventures. "	" While The Caged Demonwolf was initially hostile, it has since become both an advisor and friend to Empowered, Thugboy and Ninjette."	female
"Following the Quackenbush events and the term of the acting commissioner (during which period Ossias was assigned only minor cases, thereby appeasing insurers allegedly lobbying for her termination), John Garamendi was reelected Insurance Commissioner. "	" Under Garamendi, Ossias served as lead counsel/project manager in CDI's case involving the claims and business practices of the nation's largest disability income insurance holding company, UnumProvident Corp."	female
The Vital Voices Global Leadership Network connects thousands of women leaders who have participated in Vital Voices conferences and training programs around the globe. 	 Verveer served as Chair of the Board and Co-CEO until early 2009.	female
The same year she met and married Felix Slatkin. 	 Aller also continued working as a Hollywood studio musician.	female
"Under this practice, if a shrine slave died or ran away, the family was required to replace her with another girl. "	" At the beginning of the 19th century, Nyigbla became the chief Anlo deity, and its shrines also began to demand slaves for its services."	female
"Born in Bedford, Beardsmore attended the independent Dame Alice Harpur School in her hometown, then studied for a BA in English and Politics at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and also went to Luton College of Higher Education. "	 Beardsmore joined the BBC in 1977 as secretary to the Manager of Operations and later as a production assistant.	female
"She was born in Vinstra, Nord-Fron, Oppland, and worked as a journalist in her early career. "	" Berget was private advisor to the Prime Minister 1990 – 1991, and Minister of Children and Family Affairs 1991 – 1996."	female
"She reported that she briefed no go-around because no takeoffs were authorized on the runway at night or in IMC conditions; however, the first officer knew this was incorrect, but did not challenge the captain. "	 The captain said the first officer was passive and quiet.	female
"She subsequently devoted herself to recording Max Reger’s complete works for violin solo, which she presented in 2003. "	 Eggebrecht has contributed greatly as a chamber musician to the discovery of worthwhile music by neglected composers.	female
"She graduated from Beşikdüzü High School of Education at 1978, and moved to Istanbul with her family right after, where she studied architecture in Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University and graduated in 1978. "	" After graduating from university, Aktas worked as an architect, media consultant and journalist."	female
A few weeks later she was given a major spread in an article about the newly formed Women's Auxiliary Army Corps. 	 The image of a WAAC officer candidate (at right) comes from this shoot.	female
The farmer is paid against her declared payment entitlements that are each matched against an eligible hectare of declared land ('activated for payment'). 	 A farmer holds 102.00 payment entitlements.	female
"Before becoming Ukraine's first female prime minister in 2005, Tymoshenko co-led the Orange Revolution. "	" After graduating from the Dnipropetrovsk State University in 1984, Tymoshenko worked as an engineer-economist in the Dnipro Machine-Building Plant (which produced missiles) in Dnipropetrovsk until 1988."	female
A Detroit police officer alleged that LeDuff's stories asserted that she moonlighted as a stripper and danced at a never-proven party at the Detroit mayor's mansion. 	 The officer denied both accusations.	female
"After receiving her doctorate, she continued to teach at the Saint Petersburg University of the Ministry of Interior of Russia. "	" After graduating, Fedorova worked as an inspector in Pskov for six months."	female
"Of Chrystal, Ogilvie has said: I was blown away by her personality, her voice, and the fact that she's a piano player. "	" I was dying to have someone to collaborate with, who actually is a musician and not just a singer."	female
Murillo played for four different teams in Honduras until her retirement in the 90s. 	" Later, Murillo worked for the Inter-American Development Bank as a producer and developer of reports and research."	female
"At the time of her resignation in 2005, after HP had acquired several other companies, HP had about 150,000 employees. "	 HP's revenue doubled and the rate of patent filings increased due to mergers with Compaq and other companies during Fiorina's stint as CEO.	female
In 1996 she was selected for astronaut training by NASA. 	 Cagle is also an advisor for NASA's Flight Opportunities Program (originally named CRuSR – Commercial Reusable Suborbital Research Program).	female
"In 2016 Marrero denounced British fashion designer Vivienne Westwood on social media, claiming that one of her works had been plagiarized on a shirt sold through Westwood's website. "	" As a musician, Marrero has released two electropop albums and has worked as a DJ at several Spanish clubs."	female
"She studied at the Cathedral and John Connon School in Mumbai and was head girl for the academic year 1992–93 before heading to Tufts University in United States to study Bio-genetic engineering, which she studied for two years, and eventually switching to Economics. "	 Patel's career began as an economic analyst at Khandwala Securities Limited after graduation.	female
"1] She received 49 votes (0.12%), finishing sixth against Conservative candidate Steven Fletcher. "	 Sidon was an overhead door mechanic in the Transcona region of Winnipeg at the time of the election.	female
"Her last match for the USA was on November 5, 2008, against the Korea Republic. "	 Scurry was appointed general manager of the WPS franchise magicJack beginning with the 2011 season.	female
"The investigation began with one Raymond James manager, who worked from an office in her Wisconsin home, handling approximately 700 accounts and selling mainly mutual funds and variable annuities. "	 The Wisconsin manager was accused of selling unsuitable aggressive mutual funds and variable annuities over a four-year period.	female
One of her major innovations was her creation of an apparatus for radio-wave reception. 	 Hamburger joined the Swiss military in 1939 and was promoted to chief of the telecommunication troops in 1950.	female
"Despite her forensic skills, Monge's main work actually focuses on several topics including the preservation and accessibility of Computed Topography (CT) datasets, traditional radiology, human dental micro-anatomy, and production and distribution of high quality fossil casts. "	" As the Associate Director and Manager of the Casting Program, Monge oversees 3000 molds and casts representing fossils from every phase of human evolution."	female
"She received a Juris Doctor degree from Northeastern University School of Law in Boston in 1983, where she founded the Boston Lesbian/Gay Political Alliance, a non-partisan political organization that interviews and endorses candidates for political office and advocates for Boston's gay community. "	" Vaid is CEO of the Vaid Group LLC, which works with social justice innovators, movements and organizations to address structural inequalities based on sexual orientation, gender identity, race, gender and economic status."	female
She has also worked at the highest level in the Treasury at the Chambers of Commerce in Kraków. 	 Marianowska possesses the best of qualifications and is a proficient manager.	female
"In late 2011, the online chatbox provider XChat filed a lawsuit after a developer published a copy of the source code to her server emulator. "	 The suit was later dropped as the developer had not infringed copyright.	female
"With the involvement of her high school music department, Paulini was also a participant in Sydney's annual Schools Spectacular variety show. "	" After leaving high school, Paulini worked in a retail clothing store and became a full-time musician."	female
"Severian, who believes this is an indirect means for the Autarch to execute him for his crime, is forced to accept, and he departs with the sister, Agia, to secure an avern, a deadly plant used for dueling. "	" While on their way, urged by Agia's bet to a passing fiacre, their driver crashes into and destroys the altar of a religious order, where Agia is accused of stealing a precious artifact."	female
Pornthip is very proud of her work and that it ensures her a place in heaven. 	" Graduating from the Faculty of Medicine, Mahidol University, in 1979, Pornthip became a medical officer in the Ministry of Public Health."	female
"She spent four years working on international projects for Hasbro including Playdoh, Monopoly and Action Man. "	" Between 2011 and 2013, Singhal worked as a Senior Innovation Executive at Scottish Enterprise, before joining Mattel as a Project Quality Engineer in 2013."	female
"After spending time in India teaching English, Allsopp returned to the UK and began a series of positions, working for Country Living and Food & Homes Magazine and her mother's business, Hindlip & Prentice Interiors, and studying at Christie's. "	" Allsopp was reported in 2008 and 2009 to be an advisor to the Conservative Party on housing matters, but has denied this."	female
"To the amusement of many, this year an artist had a painting in the parade showing a naked female bicyclist next to a baton-wielding police officer. "	 The panel was put on a small platform on wheels and parade goers were invited to have their pictures taken with their heads poking out of the holes of the naked bicyclists and the officer.	female
She won the first of her state prizes in 1950 for this work. 	 Feoktistov became a laboratory chief in 1952.	female
"She is also the author of the book Worth It: Your Life, Your Money, Your Terms (2017, Simon and Schuster) Steinberg graduated from The Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania in 1995 and from Columbia College, where she was an urban studies major, in 1999. "	 Steinberg was first a computer programmer.	female
"Utada made the majority of the album alone, saying she 'locked herself away'. "	" I was like a mad scientist working away in an underground laboratory, going on to say I had the time of my life but it was a very intense, introverted process."	female
"After the 2002 elections, she remained Vice Chancellor on a provisional basis until the coalition between ÖVP and FPÖ was renewed in early 2003, and has since had no involvement in politics. "	" Since 2004, Riess-Passer has been the CEO of the Wüstenrot-Gruppe."	female
Bivens served as commissioner of the LPGA from late 2005 until her resignation in July 2009. 	 The LPGA commissioner serves as chief executive and administrative officer of the LPGA and is responsible for its day-to-day operations.	female
"While flying a P-59 jet fighter during gunnery training, she witnessed tracer rounds coming within feet of the aircraft's nose. "	 The job of a test engineer was a dangerous one.	female
"In her later years, and like many big soprano voices, Rysanek reverted to dramatic mezzo-soprano roles like Herodias in Salome, Klytemnestra in Elektra and the Kostelnička in Janáček's Jenůfa. "	" Work (composer), role, conductor, year of recording, label."	female
"On 13 May 1944, Rowden together with three other captured female SOE agents, Andrée Borrel, Vera Leigh and Sonia Olschanezky, were moved from Fresnes to the Avenue Foch along with four other women whose names were Yolande Beekman, Madeleine Damerment, Eliane Plewman and Odette Sansom, all of whom were F Section agents. "	" Later that day they were taken to the railway station, and each handcuffed to a guard upon alighting the train."	female
"Grace is a work of art herself, as are the covers for Island Life, Slave to the Rhythm and Living My Life, but best of all is the louche image of Nightclubbing by Jean-Paul Goude, part Tretchikoff's Green Lady, part the best advert for smoking you've ever seen. "	" According to i-D, it was a series of consistently stellar album artwork that helped propel [the singer] from musician to icon."	female
She was president of Iḷisaġvik College from 2005 to 2010. 	 Grinage has worked as campaign manager and previously was the owner of a of a publishing business.	female
"In 1977, she founded LaNier and Company, a real estate brokerage company. "	" For over 30 years, LaNier has worked as a professional real estate broker."	female
"In Chicago, Jane Addams and her fellow members of Hull House endeavoured to clean up the mishandled waste in their area but their efforts were obstructed by the local council. "	 The council handled the issue by giving Addams the position of garbage inspector of the ward on a salary of one thousand dollars per year.	female
"In 1917, Shouse was able to utilize experience acquired through her undergraduate and her prior activist activities. "	 Shouse was hired as the assistant to the chief.	female
"Flinn's case, due in part to her high visibility in Air Force recruitment advertisements, drew national attention, eventually creating a media circus. "	" This is an issue about an officer, entrusted to fly nuclear weapons, who lied."	female
Ishihara wanted to place the burden of an idol's mistakes on the player for not training her enough to deepen a player's attachment with the idols. 	" Originally, the protagonist was going to be put in the role of the idol's manager, but it was later changed to the idol's producer because the latter was perceived to be cooler."	female
"She was the moderator and managing editor of Washington Week and co-anchor and co-managing editor, with Judy Woodruff, of the PBS NewsHour, both of which air on PBS. "	 Ifill was a political analyst and moderated the 2004 and 2008 vice-presidential debates.	female
"In an interview addressing the move, she states Whereas MALDEF at the macro, systemic change level, CCF is about the micro, one community, one county. "	" As CEO, Hernández has helped the CCF increase its assets to over $1 billion, allowing for greater service opportunities and innovative programs to reach more Los Angelenos, especially those who are of color, low income, and immigrants."	female
"As the first female chief minister of West Bengal, one of her first decisions was to return 400 acres of land to Singur farmers. "	" The cabinet has decided to return 400 acres to unwilling farmers in Singur, the chief minister said."	female
"The two remaining convicts begin to suspect the undercover cop, and threaten to kill the geologist if she doesn't reveal herself. "	" A fight ensues between the convicts and the undercover officer, assisted by the geologist."	female
In 1989 she was inducted into the Swedish Curling Hall of Fame. 	" Apart from curling, Norberg was chief actuary at Nordea, and led a division at Folksam."	female
"In 2016, she was elected as Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences. "	 Kattumuri is actively engaged in charitable activities as advisor and committee member with several global non-governmental organisations.	female
Oramics was also the name used by Oram to refer to her studio and business interests generally. 	" The musician drew shapes on the film to create a mask, which modulated the light received by photocells."	female
"Officer was 15 years old when she was playing in the Highlander Curling Club in Winnipeg, Manitoba. "	" I was a bit star-struck, Officer said."	female
"During her tenure, Radisich successfully lobbied to prevent the Australian Federal Communications Minister from extending the Do Not Call Register to business numbers. "	 Radisich demonstrated a solid track record of working with the private sector as CEO of COSBOA.	female
Hutchins is the only female presenter of the series. 	 A singer and musician who plays the harmonica and the concertina.	female
"After completing one year of training, she was assigned to work on the Mobile Servicing System. "	 Payette served as chief astronaut for the Canadian Space Agency from 2000 to 2007.	female
"In May 2013 she was named weekend news anchor, and has hosted Israel's most viewed TV news broadcast since. "	" Weiss has also hosted the weekday evening news and other shows, and is currently the station's chief political analyst."	female
"On May 30, 1999, Police Officer Tiffany Hickey died six days after she sustained injuries in a motor vehicle collision during pursuit of a suspect. "	" Officer Hickey radioed dispatch to notify them of the chase but, due to an antiquated radio system, dispatch never heard the call because another officer was transmitting."	female
"When I asked the artist about the green spaces in this mural, she told me that these were parks. "	 From there all my education was directed towards becoming a landscape architect.	female
"After graduating college in 1979, she became involved in punk culture via collage art, color xerox postcards and mail art. "	" Kossy eventually became a computer programmer, but also published zines because Publishing is power, pure and simple, and turned author and folklorist."	female
"During her first job interview with an insurance company, Koss, who was engaged at the time, was rejected for the reason that married women will have children and leave. "	" Being able to create margins, headings and page numbers on the fly, Koss was the first programmer to attempt computer based word processing."	female
Her first assignment was at Bolling Air Force Base in Washington where she worked as an intelligence research specialist. 	 Montes advanced rapidly through the ranks at the DIA and became its most senior Cuban analyst.	female
"On 25 March 2017, Kam Dhillon reported a yet-to-be completed skyscraper design designed by Hadid prior to her death in 2016 in an article titled Zaha Hadid Architects Unveils Monumental Skyscraper Project for NYC. "	" A futuristic building, faithful to the imprint of the architect, which should host the biggest cultural events of the Moroccan capital."	female
Faces was founded in 1997 by three participants in the first wave of net art  	" Initially, Huffman and McCarty served as co-moderators and Djordjevic as technical advisor."	female
"In the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada, they became the 1st Senior Australian Football Team to win a knockout match in a World Cup when they defeated Brazil 1–0 in the Round of 16 before losing 1–0 to Japan in the quarter finals. "	" Currently, Stajcic stands as the only Australian-born head coach to win a match at a FIFA World Cup."	female
"In September 2004, Exley scored after four seconds of a League Cup tie against Aston Villa from inside her own half. "	" Exley was top scorer for Doncaster Belles in the following two seasons, winning the manager's Player of the Year award in 2006."	female
"Once a yellow pony steps out of the train, Twilight and her friends think that she is Ms. Harshwhinny and go to welcome her. "	" The friends show the inspector the castle, who seems to have claustrophobia and altocelarophobia."	female
She also finished 17th in the two-woman event at the 2005 FIBT World Championships in Calgary. 	 Gavine-Hlady also was awarded the track and field award for most improved coach.	female
"She studied European Studies at Maastricht University in the Netherlands, and then earned a LLM from the University of Edinburgh. "	 Andreeva then worked as a press officer for the Bulgarian commissioner.	female
She set three world records: in the 1000 m in 1972 and in the 4×800 m relay in 1969 and 1976. 	 Hoffmeister was a sports teacher by training and after retiring from competitions became deputy chief of the Children and Youth School in Cottbus.	female
"She was the nominee for comptroller of the currency before her nomination was withdrawn at her request on December 7, 2021. "	 Omarova previously served as an advisor within the Department of the Treasury.	female
"While she is reported in some circles to have been one of the primary architects of the HTS program, she was not. "	" Some time in 2007, McFate joined HTS as the Social Science Advisor."	female
"While not seen by the others as a superhero, she is very intelligent and organized. "	" Concierge is present on most missions, often seen with a tablet computer, filling in with needed resources that others often lack."	female
She received her B.S. in nursing education from the University of Minnesota School of Nursing. 	 Woodman served as chief nurse of the XXIV Corps.	female
Cao's first international debut was at the 2003 World Wushu Championships where she was the world champion in women's changquan. 	" Around this time, Cao became the coach of the Shandong Wushu Team."	female
Between 2015 and 2017 she was named three times as an NFHCA All-American while playing for Louisville Cardinals. 	" While based in Louisville, Kentucky, McFerran also worked as a goalkeeper coach at a local field hockey club, IFHCK."	female
She is noted for her interpretations of French mélodies and German lieder. 	" Stutzmann also plays piano, bassoon and is a chamber musician."	female
"After receiving her MFA, Guzman returned to Apple and worked there for five years on projects including FaceTime, iMessage, and additional emoji sets. "	" As of 2020 Guzman is the CEO and founder of Tijiko, a company centered on digital coaching."	female
In 2009 she became director of the Data To Insight Center and Executive Director of the Pervasive Technology Institute in 2021. 	" From 2017 until 2021, Plale was a science advisor at the National Science Foundation."	female
The person sitting in the vehicle's passenger seat was caught by police putting a plastic baggie with syringes in her purse. 	" When paramedics arrived, they administered Naloxone to Morasca, who was physically combative throughout the process, biting a police officer's arm after having been placed in an ambulance."	female
She is married and has been a medical doctor since 2009. 	 Rottländer is currently chief resident in internal medicine at a hospital in Switzerland.	female
"In 1976 she was promoted to Manager of Children's Programs by Margaret Loesch, then Director of Children's Programs. "	" Animation in 1980, and eventually became a vice president and general manager."	female
"An Independent, she was the first female Chancellor of Austria. "	" Bierlein served as the advocate general of the Procurator's Office – essentially the country's chief public prosecutor – from 1990 to 2002, as well as a member of the executive board of the International Association of Prosecutors from 2001 to 2003."	female
"During World War II, months after the German invasion, the all-female Aviation Group No. 122 was formed under famous pilot Marina Raskova. "	" The 122nd trained pilots, navigators, mechanics, and ground crews for three new regiments: the 568th Fighter Aviation Regiment, 587th (later the 125th Guards) Bomber Aviation Regiment, and 588th Night Bomber Aviation Regiment (also known as the 46th Guard or the Night Witches)."	female
"The writers have cleverly embraced the gap Mags left behind; instead of trying to replace her directly, they've used her absence to create the sense of a town on the precipice of a crime war. "	" This week's episode, however, reminds us that Mags was never truly the chief villain of Justified to begin with."	female
She is the first female conductor to be named chief conductor of the Vienna RSO. 	" Alsop is to hold the title of chief conductor designate with immediate effect, through the 2018–2019 season."	female
"That year she also won first prize at the Festival de la Chanson at Ostende, Belgium. "	 Leyrac was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1967 and was the subject of an hour-long documentary on CBC television in 1972.	female
"In 2008, Johansson was promoted to Head of Design, working with 140 designers, and in 2013 she began overseeing H&M's special collections shown in Paris. "	" Johansson became Creative Advisor in 2015, and has subsequently worked as H&M's spokesperson and representative."	female
"She wrote prose articles for the Pioneer Press, Church Work and other papers, and was one of the contributing editors of the Woman's Record, at one time the organ of the Woman's Educational and Industrial Union of St. "	" Furber was identified with WCTU work for years as an officer in local, county and district organizations."	female
"Weidman attended Pennsylvania State University, where she joined the PRS, whose investigations were the basis of the A&E series Paranormal State. "	 Weidman worked as the PRS's case manager between 2006 and 2011.	female
"She has worked in a range of scientific and environmental management roles in addition to her Antarctic roles, including environment negotiator for New Zealand free trade agreements, and establishment unit convenor for the Crop and Food Research Institute. "	" Notably, Wratt was chief executive of the not for profit Cawthron Institute during 2006–2012."	female
"In 1990s her interactive art projects, mostly occupied with metaphors, tele-presence and relation of the real world and cyber-space, were featured in magazines such as Hotwired, and presented at Ars Electronica arts and technology festival's Net Art selection in Linz, Austria in 1997. "	" Bulaja was the originator, editor-in-chief, manager, director and designer of the project."	female
"In 2004, she accepted a position as assistant coach for Ohio State University, to work with Buckeyes women's ice hockey head coach Jackie Barto, who had been Lachapelle's coach at Providence. "	 Lachapelle stayed as the assistant coach at Ohio State from 2004 to 2008.	female
"Lina Sarmiento (born 1958) is the first female third-level official of the Philippine National Police to receive and hold the rank of director, a rank equivalent to that of a major general in the Philippine military. "	" Before this post, Sarmiento was a chief superintendent."	female
"She was an undergraduate student at the University of Milan, where she completed a Laura in pharmaceutical chemistry. "	 Whilst studying Giordani worked as a chemical health analyst in the Public Health Laboratory of Bergamo.	female
"Following her departure from Rakvere, she joined the Ugala theatre in Viljandi in 1994, where she is still engaged as an actress. "	" Since 2005, Tamm has also been a stage manager at the Ugala."	female
"Woerz began working with the organization as a teen ambassador, which she has done ever since. "	 Rosenstein then began working with Woerz in late 2014 as the artist’s manager and producer.	female
"During her campaign announcement in 2015, Hewitt stated, People are tired of career politicians. "	" As an engineer, I am a problem solver."	female
"Her students, in several sports, became national champions and participants of world and European championships. "	" Senior coach School of Olympic Reserve, Bialova has thirteen years working with athletes in wheelchairs."	female
"She participated in the 2013 London Marathon in aid of Age UK, the Deloitte Ride Across Britain from Lands End to John O'Groats, the Prudential London Triathlon, and a marathon row for cancer research. "	 Sotherton is a performance coach and specialises in running.	female
"He lives in suburban Chicago, Illinois, with his wife, Susan, and their four sons. "	" A journalist, writer and film producer."	male
Received a title of People's Artist of Russia and was nicknamed the Godfather of the Russian piano school. 	 Naumov was a professor of piano at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory and a jury member in many international competitions.	male
"In 2003-2004, he served as a member of the Secretary of State's Advisory Panel on Africa, and was a Presidential appointee to the Council of the National Endowment for the Humanities. "	" A trustee of Oberlin College, Rotberg is a visiting professor at the College of Europe in Bruges, Belgium."	male
"He is generally known as the most prolific guitarist of the 17th century, publishing seven books during his lifetime. "	 Granata was a barber-surgeon by profession.	male
"The publication (1710) of engravings based on these drawings made Nattier famous, but he declined to proceed to the French Academy in Rome, though he had taken the first prize at the Paris Academy at the age of fifteen. "	 Nattier aspired to be a history painter.	male
"Lourijsen moved to Amsterdam in 1902 and studied for one year at the Rijksschool voor Kunstnijverheid Amsterdam and continued his studies at the Rijksakademie van beeldende kunsten (1905-1906, 1908-1911) as well as the Haagse Academie van Beeldende Kunsten (1906-1907) He was a pupil and friend of Jan Toorop. "	 Lourijsen was an active portrait painter and draftsman and also served from 1912 onwards as a lecturer at the Ignatiuscollege in Amsterdam.	male
After that he presents it to the Board of Directors. 	" If thesis accepted by the Board, examiner will enter an exam about the thesis."	male
Vijaypat Singhania replaced him as the new sheriff on 18 December 2005. 	 Hegde is a dental surgeon.	male
"In 2014, Pulkki was awarded the Samuel L. Warner Memorial Medal for his significant research work surround and multichannel audio. "	" Pulkki was appointed docent of spatial sound at Aalto University in 2007–2012, an assistant professor in 2012–2015 and a professor in 2015."	male
"She conveyed her suspicions to some of her husband's medical colleagues who, after interviewing him and searching the house, found ample proofs of murder and committed him to an asylum. "	 This article comments that the identity of that incarnate fiend was settled some time ago and that the murderer was a demented physician afflicted with wildly uncontrollable erotic mania.	male
"In late November 1937, Michalske returned to Lafayette College for his second year as the head coach of the basketball team. "	 Michalske was hired as an assistant football coach and scout for the Cardinals.	male
1 May] 1905 to a Russian-Ukrainian working-class family; he graduated from the St. 	 Tikhonov worked as an assistant engineer from 1924 to 1926.	male
"However, Zoran Filipović re-joined the FR Yugoslavia national team in 1999 continuing his collaboration with Vujadin Boškov when he took over. "	 Filipović was the assistant at the Euro 2000.	male
"He taught mathematics there when he graduated, then at the Georgia Military Institute in 1885–1886, as well as a 2-year stint teaching at South Georgia College in Thomasville. "	 Snelling came to the university in 1888 as an adjunct professor of mathematics and commandant of cadets.	male
"He was upset when Lahovari died not too long after, and authored his obituary. "	 Caragiale also became a collaborator on Filipescu's journal Epoca and editor of its literary supplement.	male
"He specialized in cotton and rubber plants and the classification of palms, particularly the palms of Hispaniola. "	 Cook served as Honorary Assistant Curator of Cryptogamic Collections at the United States National Herbarium from 1898 until 1948.	male
"Because that second position was up field from the point where the line judge had positioned himself when Wycheck had thrown the ball, the line judge's hand signaled during the play that the pass was indeed a lateral and not an illegal forward pass. "	" After a long official review, the video was deemed inconclusive to overturn the line judge's ruling on the field."	male
"Smyth began to paint still life paintings, pushing out the boundaries of his use of colour. "	" From 2013, Smyth became a student instructor, tutoring other students in Bargue drawings and sight size method cast drawings in charcoal."	male
"Although Mehaffey had responsibility over WPA projects nationwide, he primarily worked on airport, beach, pier, playground, and school projects in New York City. "	" During this period, Mehaffey was appointed to Assistant Administrator for Engineering for the entire WPA."	male
The Picture below states the Division of Property of Seth Kushal Das amongst his 5 sons Seth Kushaldas and his son Pribhdas had received many Afrin Namas from the British Government. 	 Both of them were granted chairs in the Darbar of the Commissioner in Sind and Collector of Nawabshah.	male
"During his time on the National Security Council of President Bush, he was involved in several Iraq strategy reviews, including the one that led to the 2007 surge strategy. "	" As a professor, Feaver has been the recipient of numerous teaching awards."	male
"He wrote two one-act plays, Paper Toilet and Cold Beer, around 1979. "	 The latter examines the role of the dramatist and writer through an alter-ego protagonist.	male
Beuermann (2011) speculates that Rognvald's transfer of power to his brother may have been an attempt by the saga writers to imply that the Orkney earldom had more independence from Norway than that of Rognvald's earldom of Møre and that the earl's holdings in Caithness may have allowed for an even greater degree of freedom of action. 	 Such implications are more likely to be rooted in the writer's interest in emphasising Orcadian independence at the time of writing rather than the 9th/10th century events they purport to describe.	male
The end of his career remains unclear. 	" Epiktetos's work must have been greatly appreciated at the time, as indicated by a pelike by the Kleophrades Painter which was twice falsely signed Epiktetos egraphsen (Epiktetos painted it)."	male
He finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Water Polo Team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 	" Since 2003, Hermsen is a professor at the University of Amsterdam in Astrophysics."	male
He was later appointed as dean in 1891. 	 Birge became known as a scientist and administrator.	male
"About 40 hours after he had been formally inaugurated, Hevia resigned early Thursday morning in favor of Mendieta. "	" Hevia, who was also a surgeon, had been the first Cuban national to graduate from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, as a member of the Class of 1920."	male
"In its obituary of Oosterbaan, The Sporting News described him as a phenomenal student-athlete who in his senior year at Michigan was captain of the football team, led the Big Ten Conference in scoring in basketball and was the league's leading hitter in baseball, a sport he had not pursued while in high school. "	 Oosterbaan was both a scholar and an athlete.	male
"He also discovered that when they reacted with each other, the particles that were released had far more energy than they started with. "	 Oliphant left the Cavendish Laboratory in 1937 to become the Poynting Professor of Physics at the University of Birmingham.	male
"There is a memorial to him inside the church, with an epitaph written by his friend, William Wordsworth. "	" Southey was also a prolific letter writer, literary scholar, essay writer, historian and biographer."	male
A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing.  	 Hemingway believed a writer could convey an object or concept while writing about something entirely different.	male
Gopalam (Srikanth) performs tapas and gets Radha (Sneha) as his wife. 	 Gopalam is an assistant public prosecutor.	male
He would study at the University of Manitoba where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1930. 	" As a career lawyer, MacMillan joined Canadian National Railways in 1937 as a solicitor in the company's Winnipeg, Manitoba office."	male
"On the other hand, he suggests, genre fiction writers tend to support themselves by book sales. "	 I'm a genre writer of a sort.	male
"When Hempstead's term as governor ended on December 9, 1854, he attempted to run for the United States congress, but lost due to his opinion over prohibition. "	" Later, Hempstead was repeatedly elected to and served as Dubuque's county judge until 1867."	male
"In October 1977, he emigrated to the United States and was offered a position at the Naval Underwater Systems Center. "	 This position is that of a senior scientist and technical specialist on the staff of the Associate Technical Director for Research and Technology with the responsibility to insure the development of a comprehensive and balanced technology base within the Center.	male
"For his post-secondary education, he attended Al-Azhar University and a French law school in Cairo. "	" By working as a Europeanized lawyer, Zaghloul gained both wealth and status in a traditional framework of upward mobility."	male
"An explosion aboard Sirago while drydocked at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on 2 June 1954, killed two men and injured four others. "	" The blast, which occurred during plastic spraying of a main ballast tank, killed two civilian painters and injured a sailor and three other civilian painters."	male
He joined the Boston University faculty in 1975 teaching film history classes at the College of Communications. 	 Manvell was named University Professor in 1982.	male
"While in Edo he also received education from Egawa Tarōzaemon regarding military strategy, and studied English with Nakahama Manjirō, thus coming into possession of an uncommonly thorough, for his era, appreciation of Western culture. "	" After entering the Tokugawa army, Ōtori displayed promise as a student, quickly becoming a senior instructor of infantry tactics."	male
An Einstein-like Professor (representing Gonick's authorial voice) prepares to travel in his time machine to whatever place or era the chapter is about. 	" The Professor reads a passage from a historical book, which activates the time machine, a literary device."	male
Captain Rinnan received the highest civil honour in Norway as a result of his handling of this difficult incident. 	" Rinnan has been a sailor since 1958, and a captain for 23 years."	male
"Sanneh further classified the song as classic Evanescence, which according to him meant bombastic, meticulously produced... [and] unreasonably addictive. "	" The writer went on to describe the song's chorus as grandiose and its bridge as glorious, glimmering."	male
He and his wife were active members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 	 Faleomavaega served as the administrative assistant to American Samoa Delegate A.U.	male
"He would do crazy actions, just so he could get the final hit with a flick to the wrist or such a simple movement that the audience would gasp at his audacity. "	 By the 1970s the lightning-fast tearaway had been replaced by a supreme technician with the footwork of a dancer.	male
"Truxillo claimed that his firing was because of his radical beliefs and argued, Tenure is based on a vote from my colleagues. "	 Few are in favor of a Chicano professor advocating a Chicano nation state.	male
The trial judge returned a verdict which found the three men guilty of travelling on false passports and they were given varying sentences of up to 44 months. 	" They were found not guilty on the more serious charges relating to training FARC rebels; however, the judge ordered their release upon payment of fines equivalent to £3,800."	male
"After leaving Esquire, Hirshey was hired as an editor at the New Yorker, where he assigned, developed and edited articles on future trends in politics, science, business, entertainment, culminating with The Next Issue. "	" Promoted to senior vice president and executive editor in 2007, Hirshey specializes in politics, current affairs, sports, memoir, pop culture, and humor."	male
"The idea for a single archive to preserve the records of New York City's vibrant trade union movement was first advanced in the early 1970s by Stephen Charney Vladeck, son of Socialist trade union activist Baruch Charney Vladeck. "	" Vladeck, a prominent labor lawyer, was concerned about inadequate scholarship and teaching about the history of the labor movement and saw the need for establishment of a central repository for historical documents."	male
Foyt IV and his grandfather got in an argument regarding the car's setup resulting in the younger A. J. quitting the team. 	 Foyt has been employed by the Indianapolis Colts since 2010 as a scouting assistant.	male
"Following the publication of his first two poetry collections, Ascroft was awarded (alongside Sarah Quigley) the 2003 Robert Burns Fellowship, which recognised the success and acclaim for his published poetry in his collections and in Landfall. "	 Ascroft also served as guest editor of Landfall in 2005 for a one-off publication.	male
"George Arliss, as the title character of the 1929 film Disraeli, rides a dandy-horse through a London park until he collides with a pedestrian. "	" This occurs in the opening scene of the film, set in the 1830s, when Disraeli was still a writer and a famous dandy."	male
"His state's awards include 5th and 4th Classes of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd Class of the Order of Merit, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Order of the Badge of Honour, Order for Personal Courage, and Personal Firing Weapon. "	 Durdynets is an honorary professor of the National Academy of Internal Affairs.	male
He graduated magna cum laude from Yale University. 	 Berlitz was a writer on paranormal phenomena.	male
What's worse is that the people's trust in Zinga diminishes since the patients he tried to cure all die. 	" Therefore, the witch doctor come up with a task of bringing the rain."	male
"He has regularly appeared on BBC Local Radio, and has also written a biweekly column for the Worcester News. "	" Serrell is an avid collector, living in a house full of tat."	male
"Of his mother, Eulenburg wrote: My mother, whom I deeply adored, the ideal figure who filled my whole being with boundless love, fired my inspiration. "	" Keenly interested in music, Eulenburg enjoyed considerable success as a writer of ballads."	male
"However, in his teens Humphries began to rebel against the strictures of conventional suburban life by becoming artistic, much to the dismay of his parents who, despite their affluence, distrusted art. "	" Humphries responded by becoming a voracious reader, a collector of rare books, a painter, a theatre fan and a surrealist."	male
"One of his pupils, Helmut Gipper, prominently developed his ideas in modified form, in a series of articles and as co-editor of the Duden Grammatik from the late 1950s onwards. "	" Gipper was also influential as co-editor of an extensive bibliography on Sprachinhaltsforschung, as linguistics broadly within the Weisgerber tradition has come to be known."	male
He retreats to the swamps while they take over the museum on top of the hill where he used to live. 	 The diary described the fugitive as a writer from Venezuela sentenced to life in prison.	male
"As a teenager in 1954, Toole made his first trip out of Louisiana to Philadelphia, New York City, and Washington, D.C. on a field trip. "	" Toole became the editor of the news section of the school newspaper, and maintained high marks throughout high school."	male
"In 1896 he became a regular member of the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts, and was an honourable doctor of the University of Prague and an external member of the Czech Academy of Sciences. "	" Klaić wrote for the weekly Hrvatska lipa of the Croatian Party of Rights and was the editor of Vienac for several years (1882–1889), founded an orchestra and conducted it, promoting Croatian music."	male
"Theodore Cuza, a Jewish history professor living in Bucharest, and his daughter Magda are brought to the keep by SS Sturmbannfuhrer Eric Kaempffer in a desperate attempt to determine what is murdering his men. "	 The professor translates a mysterious message written in blood on a wall that uses a forgotten dialect of Old Romanian or Old Slavonic.	male
"It is the life of an author and a scholar, who through hard work and conscientious effort, secured for himself an honorable place among Spain's men of letters. "	" Hartzenbusch was the chief librarian at the Biblioteca Nacional, National Library, from 1862 to 1875, and was an indefatigable editor of many national classics."	male
"More specifically, the defendant argued that the officer did not believe, reasonably, that his safety was threatened "	" Relying heavily on the indisputable video evidence that contradicted the officer's testimony on multiple points, the judge agreed with the defense, and barred the evidence of the handgun."	male
"Between the ages of 20 and 25, he sent in a large number of submissions to comics companies, although he ultimately abandoned this approach to breaking into the industry, considering it too much of a lottery. "	" Best known as a writer, Bendis started out as an artist, doing work for local magazines and newspapers, including caricature work."	male
"A few days later, he was called up by the army, effective November. "	" Still in poor health and unfit for service at the front, Streeruwitz spent the war as an administrator."	male
"In addition to his own books and articles during this period, he also joined Inazo Nitobe in crafting what became his most well-known book, Bushido: The Soul of Japan. "	" The prolific writer was also a prolific traveller, making eleven trips to Europe--primarily to visit the Netherlands."	male
"He married Eva Zepeda in 1964, with whom he had four children. "	" Nishizawa was a painter, engraver, graphic artist, sketch artist and ceramicist."	male
"From October 1995 to August 1996, Romeva was the principal aide of the UNESCO representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where he was responsible for the Educational programme and for promoting the UNESCO School of Peace Culture. "	" Romeva has been an assistant professor of International Relations at the UAB (1994–1995 and 1996–2002), researcher on peace and disarmament at the UNESCO Center of Catalunya (1994–1998) and campaign coordinator for disarmament and armed conflict prevention for Intermón-Oxfam (1998–1999)."	male
"A week later, he experienced complications which prompted additional surgery to implant a defibrillator. "	" As a writer, Dozois mainly worked in shorter forms."	male
"Post-punk band 'Count Florida', from Scotland, released a digital single in February 2021 with an entire song devoted to him; Blake. "	" During the summer of 1997, Schwarzenbach worked as a freelance writer and contributed several reviews of video games for GameSpot."	male
"In 1828 he was named professor of physiology, pathology and semiotics at the University of Dorpat. "	 Rathke was a professor of zoology and anatomy at Königsberg from 1835 to 1860.	male
"According to Burchfield's friend and colleague Edward Hopper, The work of Charles Burchfield is most decidedly founded, not on art, but on life, and the life that he knows and loves best. "	" Burchfield has been more recently described as the mystic, cryptic painter of transcendental landscapes, trees with telekinetic halos, and haunted houses emanating ectoplasmic auras."	male
"The penalty for an offence was determined according to two factors: The local magistrate acted as examiner and sometimes as investigator, but his final role in legal cases was to determine the proper penalty for the offense that had been committed: he had to fix the nature of the offense as defined by the code, and to increase or reduce the associated penalty depending on the social relation between offender and victim. "	" While questioning a witness, the magistrate would look closely for five kinds of behavior: the person's statements, expression, breathing, reaction to the words of the judge, and eyes."	male
"It seems that Quins RL have not always noticed the correlation between the selection of Worrincy and the positivity of the result.[citation needed] Worrincy is the younger brother of former Academy star Rob Worrincy, who became a journeyman in the 2007 season with appearances for Leeds Metropolitan University, a trial with 2006 Grand Finalists Hull FC, and then returned to Sheffield Eagles, where his previous final appearance has seemed to be in the National League Grand Final where he scored a length of the field try. "	" A commanding figure when locking the scrum or in the second row, Worrincy is a supreme athlete who is both forceful and nimble in the pack."	male
"His work in the foundations of geometry predates the similar, but more popular, work of David Hilbert by about a decade. "	 Fano was an early writer in the area of finite projective spaces.	male
"When the symbiote breaks into the facility, the doctor offers himself to the creature, but it rejects him and returns to Kasady after resuscitating him. "	" Carnage proceeds to asphyxiate the doctor, rampage through the prison, and escape."	male
"He was a pastor in Münster and Dortmund before he was forced, in 1943, to join the Wehrmacht. "	 From 1947 to 1949 Bornkamm was a professor at the University of Göttingen from 1949 to 1971 and professor of New Testament at the University of Heidelberg.	male
"Pearlman was the Schulich Distinguished Chair of music at McGill University in Montreal, specializing in the programs in music theory, sound recording and music technology; he later served as Centenary Fellow at the McLuhan Center for Culture and Technology at the University of Toronto, where he co-taught a course on Digital Media Distribution. "	" As a Professor and as a public speaker, Pearlman lectured on the architecture of the music industry, strategies for re-monetizing music downloads, and the history and future of music."	male
He lived in Texas for seven years while earning his degrees in electrical engineering. 	" Following graduation, in 1987 Dahleh joined MIT as an assistant professor, and achieved multiple teaching, research and leadership roles in academia, industry, and business sectors."	male
"He completed his doctoral programme in Islamic art at the University of Tokyo in 1976, and was research fellow at the Royal Academy of Iran until the Islamic Revolution in 1979. "	 Igarashi was an associate professor of comparative Islamic culture at the University of Tsukuba.	male
"He is the first Arab to be admitted to the fashion industry's governing body, Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture. "	 Saab appeared as a judge on Project Runway: Middle East in 2016.	male
Brosnan also raises money for charitable causes through sales of his paintings. 	" I always wanted to be an artist, a painter."	male
The Creature 	 Quatermass II was Kneale's final original script for the BBC as a staff writer.	male
"In 2000, he was the first to win to this debut prize again, but this time under his heteronym Marek van der Jagt, for the novel De geschiedenis van mijn kaalheid (The Story of My Baldness). "	 Grunberg is a prolific and versatile writer.	male
A sailor and his girlfriend were walking when four zoot suiters blocked the sidewalk in front of them. 	" The young zoot-suiter and the sailor stood their ground in silence until finally, the sailor backed away."	male
"In 2001 in Götzis he became the first decathlete ever to achieve over 9,000 points, setting the record at 9,026 points, succeeding his compatriot, Tomáš Dvořák, who had scored 8,994 points two years earlier. "	 Tradition dictates the winner of the decathlon holds the title of World's Greatest Athlete.	male
"Six years later he succeeded Johann Friedrich Dieffenbach (1794–1847) as Director of the Clinical Institute for Surgery and Ophthalmology at the Charité in Berlin, and remained there till 1882, when failing health forced him to retire. "	" Langenbeck was a bold and skillful surgeon, but preferred not to operate while other means afforded a prospect of success."	male
In 1868 he founded the Allgemeinen Evangelisch-Lutherischen Konferenz. 	" A strictly orthodox theologian and a clear writer, Luthardt became widely appreciated as the author of apologetic lectures."	male
"He has served since 2017 as the Chief Editor for Neuroepidemiology in the journal Frontiers in Neurology, and he was Founding Editor – and is currently the Editor Emeritus – for Emergency Medicine Australasia. "	 Jelinek also has the distinction of being the first Professor of Emergency Medicine in Australasia.	male
"He held various positions of power including vice president of the United Nations Organization for the Development of Industry in 1995, vice president of the United Nations Commission for the peaceful uses of the cosmic space from 1995 to 1997, the chairman of the Working Group of the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency from 1996 to 1997, vice president and president of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law from 1998 to 2000, member of the International Diplomatic Academy in 2002. "	" Presently, Mazilu holds a position as a Professor consultant at Bucharest University and the author of several books."	male
"From that year until his death, eight years later in Rome, he was honorary president of the PCI. "	 Longo was also a prolific writer.	male
"In 2010, the same university awarded him a Doctor of Medicine degree, based on his research and thesis on macrovascular complications of diabetes in adults in Botswana. "	" Dr Onen is a senior consultant physician at the Centre for Chronic Diseases, a private medical practice that offers treatment in a number of specialties, including Cardiology, Cardiovascular Diseases, Diabetes, Gastroenterology and Infectious Diseases, among others."	male
"He practised on the South-Eastern Circuit only briefly, being appointed private secretary to Lord Halsbury in 1895. "	" Promotions followed: in 1917 to Clerk-Assistant, and in 1930 to Clerk of the Parliaments."	male
"On April 23, 1911, twenty-six men gathered together in the same hall, along with Reverend Ullrich and Reverend Meyer, and formally organized Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hodgkins, Illinois. "	 Reverend Ullrich was called as the assistant pastor.	male
"With regards to Valdezia, Professor H.W.E Ntsanwisi has issued a warning and declaration of war against the central government, he told Pretoria during the 1970s that there will be bloodshed if the central government goes ahead and forcibly remove the people of Valdezia, the threat to forcibly remove the people of Valdezia went on until 1984 when the South African government announced that Valdezia will no longer be removed as originally planned by the central government, rather it will be retained as a detached area of Gazankulu. "	" For more than 18-years, Professor H.W.E Ntsanwisi successfully resisted the forced removal of the people of Valdezia, to this day, the community of Valdezia still enjoy their land rights, which wouldn't be possible today should the central government had gone ahead with forced removal."	male
"He also was a beat reporter covering the Yankees, Mets, Giants, and Jets. "	 Reali joined ESPN in 2000 as a researcher and writer for 2 Minute Drill.	male
"Because of his victories, his subordinates (mostly Belarusian, Cossack, and Polish volunteers) nicknamed him ataman, though some preferred to use the term Bat'ko – father. "	 Bułak-Bałachowicz became the military administrator of Pskov.	male
Numerous articles published in world's most respected journals in the area of energy management make professor Milorad Bojic one of the top scientists and lecturers in his area of expertise. 	" Professor Bojic has rich research experience in various fields including energy recovery, thermal comfort, finite-time thermodynamics, Integration, thermo economy, Global warming, air conditioning engineering, etc."	male
The accused was brought before Sir John Powell at the Assize Court at Hertford on 4 March 1712. 	 The judge was clearly more sceptical than the jury of the evidence presented.	male
"In the early stages of the film, Grandpa Hugo was to have been revealed as the murderous Dr. Satan, who at the time was simply referred to as the mad doctor. "	" The legend of the mad doctor was to be a ploy by the Firefly family to lure victims in, though this idea was later scrapped."	male
"To help reduce anxiety and increase patient comfort, men who have an aversion to needles may consider a no-needle application of anesthesia while the 'no-scalpel' or 'open-ended' techniques help to accelerate recovery times and increase the chance of healthy recovery. "	" After a short recovery at the doctor's office (usually less than an hour), the patient is sent home to rest."	male
He created the Kantha Bopha Foundation in Zurich in 1992 and became its head. 	" As both a cellist and a medical doctor, Richner was known by patients, audiences, and donors as Beatocello."	male
"There Lorenz Böhler was able to realize some of his most groundbreaking ideas: everything got specialized and standardized, records were kept for later (statistic) analyses, the most important information got written on the plaster and the patients got sorted according to their kind of physical injury, and those who were able to do some kind of work had to help at the military hospital. "	 For a short time in 1918 Böhler was in Italian war captivity and had to work as an advisory surgeon for Italian military hospitals.	male
His young-adult novel Now I Know (1987) is based partly on his experiences as a monk. 	 Chambers left the monastery in 1967 and a year later became a freelance writer.	male
"Carlos Catasse (1944 – January 19, 2010), born Carlos Tapia Sepúlveda in Santiago, Chile, formed his new last name by combining the first two letters of his first, middle and last names. "	 Catasse is a Chilean painter of international recognition.	male
"A popular teacher because of his genial personality, Dittmar was considered the father of the Department of Prosthetic Dentistry (now the Department of Restorative Dentistry) at the UIC College of Dentistry. "	" Dittmar achieved a national reputation as a writer, teacher, speaker, and executive."	male
"Among his many public lectures, Smythe gave several to the Royal Geographical Society, his first in 1931 titled Explorations in Garhwal around Kamet and his second in 1947 titled An Expedition to the Lloyd George Mountains, North-East British Columbia. "	 Smythe was a prodigious writer and produced many popular books.	male
"Delecluze, in his Louis David et son temps, has also a brief life of Girodet. "	 The exhibition assembled more than 100 seminal works (about 60 paintings and 40 drawings) that demonstrated the artist's range as a painter as well as a draftsman.	male
A. O. Preus II was the eighth president of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) and drew fame for his role in the church schism of the 1970s known as Seminex. 	 A. O. Preus was a politician who served as Minnesota's eighth state auditor and 20th governor.	male
"He told the members that a netsuke was at one time carefully carved by the man who wore it, building something of himself into the design, and although a class of professional netsuke makers arose later, whose work might have been more technically adept, it was ordinarily cold, stiff, and without imagination. ... "	" Missing was the element of the amateur carver, which causes these netsuke to be esteemed so much higher by the collector than the commercial product carved for money."	male
He began his campaign in late 1823 and faced little opposition until Christopher Tompkins declared his candidacy in May 1824. 	 Tompkins was a little-known judge from Bourbon County who vehemently held to the principles of the Anti-Relief faction.	male
"Tenshō Shūbun (天章 周文, died c. 1444–50) was a Japanese Zen Buddhist monk and painter of the Muromachi period. "	 Shūbun was born in the late 14th century in Ōmi Province and became a professional painter around 1403.	male
"He then went to St Catherine's College at the University of Oxford where he read Philosophy, Politics and Economics. "	" After Oxford, Mabey worked as a lecturer in Social Studies in Further Education at Dacorum College, Hemel Hempstead, then as a Senior Editor at Penguin Books."	male
"Out of fear of his creation destroying him, Professor Weirdo intended to add just a touch of the aforementioned tincture of tenderness to the mold, but Count Kook bumped the Professor's elbow, resulting in too much of the tincture being added to the mix. "	" Professor Weirdo's nemesis was Professor Fruitcake, another mad scientist who lived in a castle on an opposite hill."	male
"He was a very productive artist who seldom made use of mythological themes or human figures, and when he did, always accompanied them with animals or animal friezes. "	 Besides the Gorgon Painter the painters of the Komast Group (585–570 BC) should be mentioned.	male
"There he played for the baseball and basketball teams, and provided illustrations for the Makio, the school's student yearbook. "	" Despite these opportunities in athletics and commercial art, Bellows desired success as a painter."	male
"During the next two months he flew six more sorties against targets including Berlin, Hamburg and Karlsruhe, before being posted to No. "	 14 Operational Training Unit as an instructor.	male
"At the Tenth International Medical Congress held in 1890 in Berlin, Koch unexpectedly introduced a cure for tuberculosis, which he called tuberculin. "	 The public trusted the famous physician and reacted enthusiastically.	male
"In 1973, he was their starting quarterback and led his team to the 61st Grey Cup. "	 Keeling was an assistant coach for the Stampeders from 1982 to 1983.	male
He was educated at Winchester College and Guy's Hospital Medical School. 	 Terrington became a urological surgeon in 1970.	male
"In 1981, he joined The Atlantic as a staff writer, later becoming national correspondent; since 1988, he has been a contributing editor. "	" Easterbrook has been a political columnist for Reuters, a senior editor and then contributing editor to The New Republic, and a fellow in economic studies and then in governance studies at the Brookings Institution (that fellowship lasted for nine years up until 2011)."	male
"Returning home in 1909, from then until 1917 he taught history at the Kutaisi Georgian Gymnasium, and was headmaster of the Sinatle girls' school from 1915 to 1917. "	" From 1918 to 1950, Uznadze was Professor and Head of the Department of Psychology of TSU."	male
Once his mother discovered and read his notes. 	" Before becoming a writer, Kuznetsov studied ballet and acting, tried painting and music, worked as a carpenter, road builder, concrete worker, helped build the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant on the Dniper river, and worked on the Irkutsk and Bratsk hydroelectric power plants in Siberia."	male
"In 1896, he helped establish the Collectors Club of New York, and was later its president for a number of years. "	" Luff had become perhaps the most prolific philatelic writer of the age, with works ranging from the tutorial What Philately Teaches Us (1899) to the classic reference work The Postage Stamps of the United States (1902), and numerous articles in the AJP and Mekeel's Weekly Stamp News."	male
"However, this particular group of gay men drank significantly more than the rest of the group and eventually began to exhibit a loud, rowdy, and vulgar brand of behavior that made the straight men uncomfortable. "	" The problem came to a head when a gay instructor attempted suicide by overdosing on APC (aspirin, phenacetin, and caffeine) tablets after being spurned by another soldier."	male
"A traveller returning to New York found that he had only a ten-dollar postal money order, and that his train fare was seven dollars. "	" The ticket clerk refused to accept the money order, so the traveller went across the road to a pawn shop and pawned it for seven dollars."	male
"The outer main-belt asteroid 1596 Itzigsohn, which he discovered himself, was named in his memory on 1 August 1980 (M.P.C. "	 Itzigsohn was a professor of spherical and practical astronomy.	male
"Raymond instructed his loyal vassals to acknowledge King Amalric of Jerusalem (r. 1163–1174), who had succeeded Baldwin III, as the lawful ruler of Tripoli for the duration of his captivity. "	" Amalric hurried to Tripoli and took full responsibility for its government, assuming the title of administrator of the county of Tripoli."	male
"On the other hand, a physician may be required to act in the interest of third parties if his patient is a danger to others. "	 Failure to do so may lead to legal action against the physician.	male
"His father belonged to the Century Country Club in Purchase, New York (which was at the time a center for the German Jewish establishment) where he often golfed with William (Billy) Salomon, the son of Percy Salomon, one of the three founding brothers of Salomon Brothers. "	" After several months, Gutfreund became a clerk in the municipal bond department, eventually becoming a trader."	male
"After his stint as the host of Wake Up America on the fledgling network, McCuddy joined Fox News in 1996 as a regular contributor to various programming on the network. "	 For a brief time McCuddy was also a writer for Saturday Night Live.	male
"As Director of Construction at the Olympic Delivery Authority he was paid £285,000 - £289,999 Per Annum.[citation needed] Shiplee was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to construction. "	 Shiplee is a former director of specialist construction consultancy High Point Rendel.	male
"Therapeutic bleeding, routinely employed at the time, was not performed by Shannon's surgeon Mr Alexander Jack, which was to Broke's advantage. "	" The report of the surgeon described the wound as a deep cut on the parietal bone, extending from the top of the head ... towards the left ear, [the bone] penetrated for at least three inches in length."	male
"Supek became the first president of the Yugoslav Society of Psychologists, and for a period he was the president of the Yugoslav Society of Sociologists. "	 Supek was chief editor of the journal Pogledi (Viewpoints) which was published from 1952 to 1954.	male
"He received his medical education at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of the Western District of New York in Fairfield, New York. "	" As well as being resident physician at two hospitals, Gorrie was active in the community."	male
"In the fall of 1836, he moved to Corunna in what was to become Shiawassee County. "	" This area at that time was mostly wilderness, and when it was organized into a county in 1837, Parsons was elected the county's first clerk at the age of nineteen."	male
In 1984 he was habilitated and in 1985 received a professorship for musicology at the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz. 	 Ruf is editor and co-publisher of numerous publications.	male
"In 2010, he served on a blue ribbon panel assembled by NFL Films for the ten-part documentary series called The Top 100: NFL's Greatest Players. "	" From 1998 to 2007, Lahman was an editor or contributor to more than a dozen sports encyclopedias"	male
"When his appointed term as district attorney expired in 1918, he ran for re-election and was elected to the post. "	" Then from 1927 to 1934, DeArmond served as Deschutes County’s district judge."	male
"In Medicine and Surgery he received his doctorate in 1956, where he was also a specialist in speech and sound disorders and ear, nose and throat qualifications. "	 Professor's Honorary Title Sonninen was awarded in 1981.	male
"In March 1919, he was given leave to row in the AIF eight in the Henley Royal Peace Regatta. "	 Disher received the 1919 Helms Award for the most outstanding amateur athlete from Australasia.	male
"When in 1821 Comet Nicollet-Pons was observed, he provided the elements of its orbit. "	 Staudt's professional career began as a secondary school instructor in Würzburg until 1827 and then Nuremberg until 1835.	male
The film follows the story of an American master chemist (Jackson) who heads to Britain to sell his formula for a powerful new drug. 	 All does not go as planned and the chemist soon becomes entangled in a web of deceit.	male
"This line of chanoyu that his descendants and followers carried on was recognized as the Senke-ryū (千家流, 'school of the house of Sen'). "	" A writer and poet, the tea master referred to the ware and its relationship with the tea ceremony, saying, Though you wipe your hands and brush off the dust and dirt from the vessels, what is the use of all this fuss if the heart is still impure?"	male
"County, California sex industry publisher who both advertised in the paper and allowed Kunkin to use his presses after he lost his original printers. "	 Kunkin stayed on as editor for about two years and then left.	male
"USS Washakie, a United States Navy harbor tug in service from 1944 to 1946 and from 1953 to 1975, also was named for him. "	 Washakie was a hide painter.	male
"Apart from his academic labours in connection with the history of dogma and of the church, he lived a life of great and varied usefulness as a theologian, a preacher and a citizen; and at his jubilee in 1873, not only the university and town of Basel but also the various churches of Switzerland united to do him honour. "	" Hagenbach was a voluminous author, distinguished as a writer on church history."	male
"Henderson himself is resigned to his persona: A lot of stuff they had me doing or something they said I had created, it's comedy. "	" I guess that's how they want to judge me, as a character."	male
"Following the incident, he sat as an independent member of the House of Commons, and asked to be recognized as an Independent Conservative. "	" Later, upon being found not guilty for refusing to provide a breath sample, the presiding judge determined the politician was cautious about the request but did not purposefully delay or refuse."	male
From 1939 until 1940 he was Vice-Minister of War of the Polish Government in Exile in London. 	 From 1945 until 1973 professor of the Polish University in Exile.	male
"Most of his family members were murdered in the Holocaust, including his father. "	 Reisinger initially lived in a transit camp and then worked as a house painter in order to earn money from almost any source.	male
"It was first given to him by his grandparents, due to a resemblance to the character Kum-Kum from the anime Wanpaku Omukashi Kumu Kumu which was Agüero's favourite television programme as a child. "	 It's not every day an athlete is nicknamed after a cartoon character!	male
"He was in financial difficulty, his wife Zelda was sick and he believed her romantically involved with another man., His play, The Vegetable, or From President to Postman had been a failure. "	 Reading this harmonious collection one wonders how a writer could have made such progress in so few years.	male
"Quarles came to Somerset sometime before 1812, for in May 1812, he was one of a commission to supervise the building of a County Clerk's office. "	 Quarles was a lawyer and became a member of the state legislature in 1811 and 1812.	male
"In 1999 he hosted an eight-part primetime series for ABC Nightline called Brave New World (which frequently featured his friends, They Might Be Giants, as musical guests). "	" Krulwich, in 2004, became the host and managing editor of the innovative PBS science program NOVA scienceNOW."	male
"In 1851, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. "	 Brongniart was an indefatigable investigator and a prolific writer of books and memoirs.	male
"In the comedy Storken (= stork, 1895), that is playing in Kristiania (the former name of Oslo) at the end of the 19th century, a naïve clerk tries to establish contacts to the high society but he is often deceived by a royal authorized representative, who takes advantage of his ignorance. "	 Only at the end the clerk finds out the truth.	male
"He said he had known Nicholas Jacobs all his life and had seen him attack Blakelock with a mini sword or similar, making repeated stabbing motions toward Blakelock. "	 The defence lawyer told the court that Q was a fantasist.	male
He married Martha Thiel (1872-1949) at Brandenburg in 1891. 	 From 1897 to 1902 Noske was politically active at the local level and worked as an editor at social democratic newspapers in Brandenburg and Königsberg (Volkstribüne).	male
"Following his admission to the bar, Untermyer started practicing in New York City. "	 Untermyer gained fame as a lawyer focusing on corporate law.	male
"In June 1861 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society as: The Author of A work on the Diseases of the Lungs, and of a work on the Diseases of the Heart and Aorta – and of other contributions to Pathological Science. "	 Eminent as a Physician.	male
He is the closest thing to me genetically. 	 And in my prime I was a super athlete.	male
He used left-handed or mirror writing (a technique described as so characteristic of him) to protect his scientific research from other readers. 	" One of the results of controversies caused by a writer's work is scandal, which is a negative public reaction that causes damage to reputation and depends on public outrage."	male
"There he launched the Telus Transformation Office to improve workplace culture and the Telus MBA, a customized executive MBA tailored for promising employees at University of Victoria's Peter B. Gustavson School of Business. "	 Pontefract also serves as an adjunct professor at the business school.	male
"The day after principal photography was completed, Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far. "	 The director was shocked at the results and fired the editor.	male
"Following service in the Navy during World War II, he joined the college coaching ranks as assistant basketball coach at the United States Merchant Marine Academy in 1946. "	 Jucker returned to the University of Cincinnati in 1953 as assistant basketball coach and baseball mentor.	male
"In addition to novelisations, he wrote many nostalgic novels set in London, prompted by the success of his autobiographical radio drama series Our Family. "	 Pemberton first worked on the programme in 1967 as Assistant Script Editor and was promoted to the role of Script Editor during the production of the story The Tomb of the Cybermen.	male
"Second, the jury's role was only advisory; the judge could disregard the jury's sentencing recommendation, but had to explain his reasoning if he did. "	 The trial judge must independently reweigh the aggravating factors against the mitigating factors.	male
"In December 1903 he passed the Civil Service Examination, and embarked on the career that led to the claim that he may be regarded as one of the greatest public servants of his day. "	 Gowers entered the home civil service as an upper division clerk in the Department of Inland Revenue.	male
"Later he paints flat, angular folds, and in the end he is able to convey the impression of supple, flowing garments. "	 The groups of figures which the Amasis Painter shows were carefully drawn and symmetrically composed.	male
Upon his resignation from the Center for Inquiry he launched the Institute for Science and Human Values as a separate entity. 	" Kurtz was editor-in-chief of ISHV's journal, The Human Prospect: A NeoHumanist Perspective."	male
"During the 1940s and 1950s, he studied at various Peruvian universities and obtained degrees in literature, history, and law. "	" When the Peruvian government decided to reopen an old Catholic seminary in Ayacucho and make it into a modern university dedicated to improving the condition of the region's impoverished native population, Morote joined the new institution as professor of anthropology and vice-rector."	male
"On December 5, 2005, after PD Su-cheop stirred a national controversy, Cheong Wa Dae reaffirmed its unflinching support for Hwang and his research team. "	" Roh said, We'll continue to support Professor Hwang."	male
"Should he do so, he commits a trespass to the person and is liable to damages. "	" However, if the plaintiff is informed by a doctor of the broad risks of a medical procedure, there will be no claim under trespass against the person for resulting harm caused; the plaintiff's agreement constitutes informed consent."	male
"In 1919, the Laboratory became a part of the Warsaw University of Technology, where, as a professor, Miklaszewski worked until the end of his life. "	" Professor Miklaszewski was very active in the scientific, didactic, organizational and publishing fields."	male
"Born in Sendai, Japan, in 1949, Masayoshi Esashi received his B.E. degree in electronic engineering in 1971 and a Doctor of Engineering degree in 1976 at Tohoku University. "	" Esashi served as a research associate from 1976 and an associate professor from 1981 at the Department of Electronic Engineering, Tohoku University."	male
Rall interned at Bellevue Hospital in New York City from 1952 – 1953 when he joined the National Cancer Institute in 1954. 	" Rall also served as a surgeon (1955–1959), a senior surgeon (1959–1960), medical director (1963–1971), and assistant surgeon general (1971–1990) in the United States Public Health Services."	male
"That year Nicieza did his first work for rival publisher DC Comics, co-writing Justice League: Midsummer Nightmare with Mark Waid which relaunched the Justice League as the JLA. "	 Later in 1996 Nicieza joined Acclaim Comics as senior vice-president and editor-in-chief.	male
From 1994 to 1996 he was assistant at the Department of Indology and Religious Studies at the University of Tübingen. 1995 followed the habilitation in the field of religious studies and Greek philology. 	" Since 2001, Auffarth has been Full Professor of Religious Studies with a focus on History and Theologies of Christianity at the University of Bremen."	male
His poems were mentioned in the book Ignorance written by Milan Kundera. 	" Skácel was the editor of Host do domu, an important literary magazine between 1963 and 1969."	male
"Caputo received his BA in 1962 from La Salle University, his MA in 1964 from Villanova University, and his PhD in philosophy in 1968 from Bryn Mawr College. "	" Caputo is a specialist in contemporary continental philosophy, with a particular expertise in phenomenology, hermeneutics, and deconstruction."	male
In 1945 - 1947 he worked in the Leningrad branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences. 	 Since 1947 - Professor of the Leningrad University .	male
"They seek out the Egregious Professor of Cruel and Unusual Geography, and find his office but no sign of the professor himself. "	 They then find a magical window in space leading from the professor's bathroom to a tropical island thousands of years in the past.	male
"He was born at Romford, Essex, to Arthur F Chinnery and his wife Dorothy (née Mills). "	 Chinnery was also an artist and painter.	male
"In 1949, he moved to Paris and exhibited work throughout France, Germany and Switzerland.[citation needed] He then moved to Alba, near Avignon, where he remained until 1955. "	 Obregón is primarily a painter.	male
"Meanwhile, the praetor Publius Manlius marched into Turdetania with the army he had taken over from Quintus Minucius, joining it with the force the other praetor, Appius Claudius Nero, had in Hispania Ulterior. "	" The reason why Manlius, who had been sent to Hispania Citerior as consular assistant, should campaign in Hispania Ulterior and also take the command of the troops of the praetor of the other province in unclear."	male
Hébert was a radical and wasn't after to publish his opinion and used profane language in the majority of his published pieces. 	" The editor had followers who called themselves, Hébertists."	male
"Although Mergelyan introduced to defend the Ph.D. dissertation, all three official opponents - Academician Lavrent'ev, Sergei Mikhailovich Nikol'skii and Corresponding Member Alexander Osipovich Gelfоnd - petitioned the Academic Council to award him the Doctor of Science degree. "	" The petition of opponents was satisfied (for this it was necessary to call the members of the scientific council, which took time), and Mergelyan became the youngest doctor of physical and mathematical sciences in the USSR at the age of 20 (at 21)."	male
"During the Ministries Trial, part of the Nuremberg Trials, he finally appeared as a witness for the prosecution, and portrayed himself as a fighter for democratic freedom of the press. "	" After World War II, Schmidt became a writer."	male
"His student and collaborator, Vladimir Steklov, recalled his first lecture in the following way: A handsome young man, almost of the age of the other students, came before the audience, where there was also the old Dean, professor Levakovsky, who was respected by all students. "	 This subject was already known to the students from the lectures of professor Delarue.	male
"Many of his columns have been collected into anthology books including Live Albom I (Detroit Free Press, 1988), Live Albom II (Detroit Free Press, 1990), Live Albom III (Detroit Free Press, 1992), and Live Albom IV (Detroit Free Press, 1995). "	 Albom also serves as a contributing editor to Parade magazine.	male
"In Texas, a physician who voluntarily assisted in the delivery of an infant, and who proved that he had no expectation of remuneration, had no liability for the infant's injuries due to allegedly ordinary negligence; there was uncontroverted testimony that neither he nor any doctor in Travis County would have charged a fee to [the mother] or any other person under the circumstances of this case. "	" It was significant that the doctor was not an employee of the attending physician, but was only visiting the hospital and had responded to a Dr. Stork page, and had not asked or expected to be paid."	male
Alessandro Achillini began teaching when he was 21 years old. 	 During the 2-year period between 1506-1508 Achillini was a Professor at the University of Padua.	male
"Interpreting the contributions of Marx and Weber, in particular, as foundations for a dynamic theory of modern society, he starts out from the proposition that it is only from the perspective of “globalization” (including the debates about restructuring, transnational corporations, and neo-imperialism) that the contradictions and paradoxes of modern society can be disentangled.[citation needed] The spectrum of his theoretical reference points reach from the critical theory of the Frankfurt School at one end, to Joseph Schumpeter's social theory of capitalism, at the other. "	" Dahms is also associate editor of Basic Income Studies, Soundings."	male
"After 1931, he was renamed Assistant Commissioner D and became responsible for policy and planning. "	" By the end of World War II, Assistant Commissioner A (Operations and Administration) was responsible for all uniformed police, including specialist units, except traffic police, which were under Assistant Commissioner B (Traffic)."	male
"A theoretical chemist, he received his bachelor's degree in chemistry and physics at Harvard University (summa cum laude) and his Ph.D. in chemistry in 1975 from the University of California, Berkeley. "	" As a research chemist, Oxtoby is author or co-author of more than 165 scientific articles on subjects such as light scattering, chemical reaction dynamics and phase transitions."	male
"In 1994, Holbrooke returned to Washington to become the assistant secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs, a position he held until 1996, when he resigned for personal reasons (he had recently married the author Kati Marton and wished to return to New York). "	" While assistant secretary, Holbrooke led the effort to implement the policy to enlarge NATO and had the distinction of leading the negotiation team charged with resolving the Balkans crisis."	male
"There he also came into contact with Alfred Tennyson, with whom he laid the foundation of another lifelong friendship. "	" When the training college was abandoned, Palgrave returned to Whitehall in 1855, becoming examiner in the Education Department, and eventually assistant secretary."	male
"He laid out the botanical gardens at Messina in 1635, where he cultivated many exotic medicinal plants (now the Orto Botanico Pietro Castelli of the University of Messina). "	" Castelli was equally distinguished as a botanist, chemist, and surgeon."	male
"Prior to going to Notre Dame, McBrien taught at Boston College, where he was director of the Institute of Religious Education and Pastoral Ministry. "	 McBrien published 25 books and was the general editor of the Encyclopedia of Catholicism.	male
"He has regularly taught courses on Microeconomics, International Finance, and Economic Growth. "	 Felbermayr is an associate editor for the European Economic Review and the International Review of Economics and Finance.	male
He would eventually become the Prime Minister of the Belarusian People's Republic. 	" Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski, another future Prime Minister of the Belarusian People's Republic, became secretary of the newspaper in 1909 and in the years 1912--1913 acted as its de facto editor."	male
"In 1974 he was admitted to Makerere University School of Medicine, graduating in 1979 with a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery degree. "	 Aisu worked in the past as a Laboratory Specialist Medical Officer at the World Health Organization.	male
"Albee insisted that he did not want to be known as a gay writer, saying in his acceptance speech for the 2011 Lambda Literary Foundation's Pioneer Award for Lifetime Achievement: A writer who happens to be gay or lesbian must be able to transcend self. "	 I am a writer who happens to be gay.	male
"He graduated B. Sc. at Geneva in 1829, and pursued his studies for a short time at Paris, where under the influence of Georges Cuvier, de Blainville and others, he worked at natural history and comparative anatomy. "	" Five years later, when de Candolle retired, Pictet was appointed professor of zoology and comparative anatomy."	male
"Subsequently, he was invited to the editorial board of Nyugat and became a close friend of its editor, the post-symbolist poet and writer Mihály Babits. "	" During World War II, Illyés was nominated editor-in-chief of Nyugat following the death of Mihály Babits."	male
In 2019 he became a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. 	 Cederman was and is the principal investigator in several research projects with funding from the Swiss National Science Foundation and the Swiss Network for International Studies.	male
That was why he loved Tolstoy so much. 	 Bunin has often been spoken of as a cold writer.	male
He was ambassador of Uruguay to the OAS from 1996 to the 2000. 	 University professor of Social Communication at UCUDAL.	male
"He was the son of Eliezer Steinman, the Hebrew author and essayist. "	 Shaham was editor-in-chief of Sifriat Poalim Publishing House.	male
"He demands from the boy's family to pay 400,000 Francs within 24 hours. "	" The head physician advises the family to ask their friends, neighbors, and family for support."	male
Podhoretz served as Commentary magazine's Editor-in-Chief from 1960 (when he replaced Elliot E. Cohen) until his retirement in 1995. 	 Podhoretz remains Commentary's Editor-at-Large.	male
"The tour ended and he returned to Ottawa, Ontario. "	" MacDonald spent the next few years in various jobs including drive-in restaurant employee, ballroom dance instructor, and teacher's aide for mentally challenged children."	male
The film was an adaptation of his story Snehathinte Mukhangal. 	" MT was the first and foremost script writer in Malayalam who wrote screenplays after having learnt cinema as a distinctive visual art which has its own language, grammar and structure."	male
He was from noble family of Lubicz coat of arms. 	 Wróblewski was a notable lawyer and docent of administration and administrative law at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	male
He played 19 games for the Bombers in two seasons. 	 Camporeale was an assistant coach at Essendon from 2007 to 2010.	male
"After gaining his second diploma from the University of Zimbabwe, Mudenda went on to practice law and teach in Zimbabwe until his decision to enter politics. "	" Through connections to Mugabe personally and good results, Mudenda was soon promoted to provincial administrator and provincial governor."	male
"Investigating a chemical leak from the floor above, he discovers that the inhabitant directly overhead is a strange, old, and reclusive physician. "	" The doctor demonstrates supreme medical skill, and saves the narrator with a combination of medications."	male
"Kanto is strong enough to lift about 50 tons, his reflexes and speed allow him to dodge bullets, lasers, etc. "	 Kanto is a trained athlete and fine hand-to-hand combatant.	male
"For three seasons at Shawfield he worked alongside Alex Maley, brother of the Celtic manager Willie Maley. "	 Struth moved to Rangers in 1914 to take up the position of assistant manager.	male
"DeNucci served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for ten years, where he was chairman of the Human Services Committee. "	 DeNucci was the longest-serving Auditor in Massachusetts history.	male
"The images that he created with his bubble chamber brought recognition of the importance of his device, and he was able to get funding to continue experimenting with larger chambers. "	 Glaser accepted an offer to become a Professor of Physics there in 1959.	male
Johnny tries to enlist his fellow newsboy friends to help prove his father's innocence. 	" They try to convince the judge, but are unsuccessful."	male
František and his group retrained on Polish aircraft at Dęblin airbase in Małopolska. 	" František was made an instructor, flying obsolescent Potez 25, Breguet 19, PWS-26, RWD 8, RWD-14 Czapla and Lublin R-XIII aircraft."	male
This includes expanding his zoo to include a home for crossbred dogs and a club for rodents. 	" The doctor also takes time to solve a mystery with the aid of Kling, the Dog Detective."	male
"Prior to joining the Sports Xchange, he wrote for ESPN.com starting in 2001 and was a frequent contributor to the other ESPN outlets, including SportsCenter, ESPNEWS, ESPN Radio and ESPN The Magazine. "	" Before ESPN, Pasquarelli served as a senior writer for CBS SportsLine.com."	male
"In the United States, first he was organist and professor of music at Valparaiso University. "	" While still a professor at the University of Minnesota, Fleischer took on the role of organist at The First Unitarian Society in Minneapolis."	male
"Unable to have regular work because of his health, Selby decided, I know the alphabet. "	 Maybe I could be a writer.	male
"Like Al Bahrani and Nasir, 'Allamah-i Hilli was contemporary with the Mongol upheaval, and played a role similar to that of his teacher. "	 Allamah-i Hilli was a prolific writer whose bibliography comprises about one hundred and twenty titles.	male
"In August 1860 his first son, Annada Datta, was born, followed by the death of his young wife ten months later. "	" After a short tenure at a lucrative position as the head clerk at the Bardhaman revenue collector's office, Kedarnath felt morally compromised as well as insecure with the position of a rent collector, settling for a less profitable but more agreeable occupation as a clerk elsewhere."	male
"His early training was with the late mannerist painter Cavalier d'Arpino, and he worked under the classicizing Francesco Albani. "	" However, Mola is considered to have been better as a painter of small pictures, especially landscapes."	male
The Evening Standard named Tuffrey as one of the thousand most influential Londoners for his work on the environment. 	" Tuffrey is a qualified Chartered Accountant, and has worked as a finance director for a major national charity before starting up a consultancy business, Corporate Citizenship."	male
"At the age of 16, Professor Shonku received his BSc degree with honours in two subjects, Physics and Chemistry. "	 Professor Shonku is a polyglot who knows 69 languages.	male
"The Bobcats fell to 3–7 in 1981, and despite his popularity in Bozeman, Lubick was fired. "	 Lubick moved on to the Division I-A ranks as an assistant coach.	male
"In 1999, he was elected to the city council of Tehran in the first city elections after the 1979 revolution. "	" Hajjarian was also the editor of Sobh-e Emrooz newspaper, which was a strong advocate of Khatami's reforms."	male
"Hiller’s regime at Cologne was strongly marked by his conservative tastes, which he attempted to prolong by recommending, as his successor in 1884, either Brahms or Bruch. "	" Hiller was elected a member of the Prussian Academy of Arts in 1849, and in 1868 received the title of doctor from the University of Bonn."	male
He died under mysterious circumstances at Canoe Lake in 1917. 	" Friends of the painter erected a cairn and totem pole memorial on Hayhurst Point, near the north end of the lake."	male
This collection was continued by his wife Cecilie Mendelssohn-Bartholdy (1898–1995). 	 Grafström was also a writer and an etcher.	male
"He was discharged to the Machine Gun Corps convalescent camp at Harrowby in Yorkshire, where he was still recovering when the Armistice was signed. "	" With the armistice Coppard was discharged in 1919 and, following a period of unemployment, sought employment as an assistant steward at a golf club and thereafter in various sundry appointments."	male
"Before joining the Ohio State faculty in 1969, he was a research scholar at Moscow State University, and a research associate in comparative law at Harvard Law School. "	 Professor Quigley teaches international law and comparative law.	male
"He was a member of the Ritchie Boys, a unit for psychological warfare under the command of émigré Hans Habe. "	" After the war Heym led the Ruhrzeitung in Essen, and then became editor in Munich of Die Neue Zeitung, one of the most important newspapers of the American occupying forces."	male
"Masterson was back in Dodge City on November 1, 1884, where he issued a small newspaper called Vox Populi which was devoted to local political issues. "	" Masterson, editor, which in appearance is very neat and tidy."	male
He completed his doctorate from the University of Helsinki in 1930. 	 Ahlfors worked as an associate professor at the University of Helsinki from 1933 to 1936.	male
"In 1891 he was commissioned by the Mexican government to create statues of national heroes for Paseo de la Reforma, in Mexico City. "	" Alciati was appointed professor of sculpture, decoration and modelling at the Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1895."	male
"In 1812, the author of Biographia Dramatica, called Parsons a comic actor of superlative merit, and added, In the conception and execution of such characters as Foresight, in Love for Love; Corbaccio in Volpone; Sir Fretful Plagiary in The Critic, &c. we never expect to see his equal. "	" Besides being an actor, Parsons was also a painter and a painting judge."	male
"During his studies in Yale, Gager was a Freedom Rider, and was arrested in Jackson, Mississippi in June 1961. "	" Professor Gager is also an avid rock climber, kayaker, and cyclist."	male
"His acting career began with the leading role in Vzlyot (Take-Off, 1979) by director Savva Kulish, where he played the leading role as Russian rocket scientist Konstantin Tsiolkovsky. "	 Yevtushenko also made two films as a writer/director.	male
"At the trial, where, among others, members of the Solntsevskaya Bratva were present, he behaved defiantly, standing with his back to the victims' relatives. "	" When the judge announced the verdict, the gangsters shouted at Nagorny: We will bury you alive!"	male
"When Toronto Zoo opened in 1974, Mehren became its first female veterinarian at the institution, joining Dr. William Rapley. "	 From 1985 to 2003 Mehren was adjunct professor in the Department of Pathobiology at Guelph University.	female
She earned a Masters in physiology and biophysics at Cornell University in 1948. 	" Whilst a research assistant, Stoll invented a liquid cell for the Infrared spectrophotometer."	female
"By 1830 the Female Factory was one of a number of institutions where convicts were employed, although it was the only one for women. "	" It was staffed by a matron, storekeeper, clerk, four assistants to matron, a portress, gate keeper and constable and seven monitresses."	female
"Stephanie realizes that Abruzzi is conducting psychological warfare against her, believing that she knows where Evelyn is. "	" Abruzzi, besides being a wargamer, is an avid collector of military memorabilia, and believes the medal is a lucky talisman."	female
The assistant's head and hands are seen sticking out of one section and her feet out of the other. 	 The box is then pushed together again and opened and the assistant emerges unharmed.	female
"Ringen earned her Ph.D. in Linguistics from Indiana University in 1975, with a dissertation entitled Vowel Harmony: Theoretical Implications. "	 Ringen was co-editor of the Nordic Journal of Linguistics from 2001–2015.	female
"In 1996, she was elected as a Justice of the New York State Supreme Court. "	" Serving as a state judge, Donohue handled both civil and criminal cases."	female
"On leaving Swansea in 2000, Rowett became Reader in Greek Culture at the University of Liverpool and then 2003 she moved to the University of East Anglia as a lecturer in philosophy. "	 Rowett became Reader in 2006 and then Professor of Philosophy in 2008.	female
Tilling moved to the School of Social and Community Medicine at the University of Bristol in 2002 where she was appointed as senior lecturer and then reader in medical statistics. 	 Tilling was promoted to professor of medical statistics in 2011.	female
"In addition, Fuchs has also served as a United States Olympic Development Program coach since 1986, and she was named United States Olympic Committee National Field Hockey Coach of the Year in 1998. "	" A USFHA Level One coaching education instructor, Fuchs has been the head coach of the regional USFHA summer league team for the last eight years."	female
"Another letter, given to the FBI in August of that year and said to have been written by a woman in Colorado Springs, Colorado, was postmarked from Oakland, California. "	" That letter, written in February, made reference to seven small dolls which the writer stated would be altered to look as though they were seven real Chinese dolls, designed to mimic a family of parents, grandparents and three children."	female
Tarbell initially turned him down so she could continue working on the Roland biography but McClure was determined. 	" Instead of taking up the editor position at McClure's, Tarbell began writing freelance articles for the magazine."	female
"In 2011, she was promoted to tenure-track investigator in 2011. "	 Palena became a tenured senior investigator in 2017.	female
Gómez cites the support of Jenny Harrison and Donald Sarason for encouraging her to form relationships with mathematicians outside of UC Berkeley. 	 Gómez was an assistant professor of mathematics at Middlebury College.	female
She has explained that her sexual activity was a way for her to achieve the emotional validation missing from her relationships with family and friends. 	" Ketcham is an avid painter and sees it as a healthy outer circle activity, as well as a new source of income."	female
"This occurred even as the editors at Century's Magazine sneered, They got a girl to write the Life of Lincoln. "	 It was at this time that Tarbell decided to be a writer and not an editor.	female
"She also wrote numerous radio plays broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and several of her poetic works were published in journals and anthologies during the 1980s and 1990s. "	 Jolley was made a Professor of Creative Writing at Curtin University in 1998.	female
"Days later, she jumped the two metres height for the first time on home soil at the IAAF Grand Prix Zagreb. "	" Although Hestrie Cloete won the competition overall, Vlašić's defeat of the psychological barrier and improved personal best was the highlight of the meeting and Cloete praised the young athlete's performance."	female
"From 1981 to 1982, she worked for 2WS Radio and at 2GB Radio from 1982 to 1983. "	 Attard worked on ABC Radio News from 1983 to 1985 and reporter on ABC Radio programs 'The World Today' and 'PM' from 1985 to 1988.	female
"They had six daughters and two sons: Their eldest child died within a year of her birth, and it was on this occasion that Carolina Oliphant, afterwards Baroness Nairne, wrote The Land of the Leal, which she sent to her old friend Mrs. Colquhoun. "	" Colquhoun was a good classical scholar, a sound lawyer, and an eloquent pleader."	female
She became an aunt when her brother and sister-in-law gave birth to their son João Miguel in 2009. 	 Penicheiro also enjoys listening to R&B music and is an avid collector of watches and clothes.	female
Then for two years she was editor of a computer group's house magazine. 	" Somerville joined the BBC in 1972 as a sub-editor in the radio newsroom, and then became a reporter in 1978."	female
"Prior to her appointment at UNH, Goodwin was the Director of Instrumental Music at Marshwood High School in South Berwick, ME. "	 Working directly under the director are a Percussion Instructor and a Color Guard Instructor.	female
"She wrote, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide For Grace (2008) a spiritual memoir and travelogue and The Dude Abides: The Gospel According to the Coen Brothers (2009), both published by Zondervan. "	 Falsani is a correspondent and columnist for Religion News Service and a featured writer and correspondent for Sojourners.	female
	 Pisier was credited as a co-writer of the screenplay.	female
Sleaford and Kesteven High School for Girls was established in 1902. 	" It has specialist art status, became an academy in 2011 and was judged to be good by Ofsted in 2013, at which time there were 825 pupils on roll, including those in the co-educational sixth form."	female
"After the sisters arrived in Foochow, China (now known as Fuzhou) they traveled two hundred and fifty miles up the Min River to the inland station. "	" During the journey up the river, news of the foreign doctor's arrival traveled ahead of them, and hundreds of people lined the banks of the river to greet the Bement."	female
"In 1973, she left Maki and founded a new party, Aki (Hebrew: אקי, an acronym for Opozitzia Komunistit Yisraelit (Hebrew: אופוזיציה קומוניסטית ישראלית), lit. "	" Israeli Communist Opposition), serving as editor of its monthly paper."	female
"February 20, 2011) - as herself performing violin with Rihanna. "	 Nakano is also a music instructor.	female
"One of her early co-authored papers Metaphoric Understanding in Preadolescents Having a History of Language Acquisition Difficulties received the Editor's Award in 1984 for best paper published in Language, Speech, and Hearing Services in Schools. "	 Another one of Nippold's co-authored papers Idiom Understanding in Preadolescents: Synergy in Action published in the American Journal of Speech-Language Pathology received the Editor's Award in 2002.	female
"Her first foray into movie-making at New York University resulted in a Student Academy Award Nomination for her satirical short film about a housewife's affair, And You Act Like One Too. "	" Seidelman earned an MFA from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts and is an adjunct professor in the school's film department, overseeing students' thesis films."	female
"Thus, any estimation of her ability to thrive or even survive could be only speculative, though Lali's family described her as functioning normally. "	" A local doctor told reporters that the baby should be considered a healthy child who currently was living a normal life, a previously unknown occurrence among sufferers of the disorder."	female
"She wrote, The era of the 'bedroom blogger' is long gone, replaced by corporate entities trying to outdo each other with clickbait headlines and subsisting on popup ads that get more bewildering every day. "	 MacDonald also served as an editor and writer at Publishers Weekly.	female
The first findings of this project is presented in her book À la recherche de la Rome antique. 	 Moatti has been a full professor at USC since 2004.	female
"The court denied the motion with a one-sentence statement likely written by Cardozo, If we assume that the plaintiff was nearer the scene of the explosion than the prevailing opinion would suggest, she was not so near that injury from a falling package, not known to contain explosives, would be within the range of reasonable prevision. "	" Posner doubted the sum was ever collected, noting that Palsgraf's family spoke to legal scholars and periodicals about the case in later years, and never mentioned an attempt to collect what would have been about a year's salary for the disabled former janitor."	female
Her dissertation was titled Studies of Grief: narratives of incarcerated women who experienced the death of a significant person while in prison. 	 Ferszt is a professor of nursing and the coordinator of the graduate psychiatric mental health clinical nurse specialist program at URI.	female
"She graduated from the University of Iowa and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where she is now a professor. "	" A former education editor of Newsweek, Hancock is active in several education and children's organizations."	female
"Her stormy marriages, her romances with famous stars, her forays into politics and feminist causes kept her name before the public. "	 That led to a second career as a writer.	female
"Although she lived in Edinburgh for most of her life, there were several other locations in Scotland that she regularly depicted in her paintings. "	 Black was a prolific painter and as well as landscapes also produced richly coloured flower pieces.	female
She faced Treasurer Knoll's daughter Mina Knoll in the general election. 	 Auditor Hafer would go on to win the election.	female
"She was elected to the Académie Internationale du Vin in 1993 and, in 2002, she received the New York Institute of Technology’s Professional Excellence Award. "	 Sutcliffe is an internationally recognised wine writer and renowned taster and writes regularly for many international publications.	female
"Sveitabrúðkaup (English: Country Wedding), her directorial debut, premiered in Iceland in August 2008. "	" Valdís was the primary editor on the following films, unless noted otherwise."	female
"She describes how one memory triggers another, which in turn triggers another and how she is powerless to stop it: It's like a split screen; I'll be talking to someone and seeing something else. "	 One writer claimed hyperthymesia may be a result of reviewing memories constantly to an obsessive-compulsive degree.	female
"Pimentel grew up in a liberal family, in her youth she was part of the city council campaign of her PT affiliated uncle. "	 Before becoming a politician Pimentel worked as a college professor.	female
She joined the Schweizerischer Werkbund in 1915. 	" From 1916 to 1929, Taeuber was an instructor at Zürich Kunstgewerbeschule in Switzerland, teaching embroidery and design classes."	female
"Before she was nominated Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Wormuth served in the National Security Council as the Special Assistant to the President and the Defense Policy and Strategy Senior Director. "	" From 2009 to 2010, Wormuth was the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Homeland Defense."	female
In 2012 she became the Alfred Deakin Professor at Deakin University. 	 Forsyth is a research Professor at the University of the Basque Country in Spain.	female
"In March 2008, a teenage girl who filmed the fatal beating of a man on her mobile phone was sentenced to two years' detention in the first prosecution of its kind in the United Kingdom. "	 The judge stated that the courts had to make an example of such youths.	female
"Later, she completed a master's degree at Humphrey School of Public Affairs. "	 Glidden worked as an employment and civil rights lawyer for over a decade.	female
She also used her writing skills to create magazine articles and novels. 	" Rabe became the editor of a BattleTech magazine, MechForce Quarterly, in 1995."	female
"Among her friends in England were Stella Kramrisch, Heinrich Zimmer, and Penelope Chetwode. "	 Kramrisch described Heimann as a refugee Professor of Sanskrit from Heidelberg.	female
"Though she was not part of the 1991 World Championship team, Dawes continued to move up on the national and international scene throughout 1991 and 1992. "	 The crowd pleasing athlete placed 4th at the 1992 Olympic trials and was awarded a place on the United States Olympic team.	female
"As of 2021, her gold medal is the only one won by a Bulgarian at a Winter Olympic games. "	 Dafovska is an administrator from Chepelare.	female
She also served on the Board for the Girls' Reform School for District of Columbia. 	" Stowell was engaged as writer and editor in scientific work, contributing over 100 scientific papers to leading magazines and periodicals."	female
"On November 7, 2008, judge Szczepańska upheld the city staff decision, and charged the women with indecent exposure, explaining that their personal freedoms cannot encroach on the freedoms of families with children who frequent the same recreation spot. "	" Although topless sunbathing is not prohibited in Poland, the judge sentenced them to pay a fine of 230 zloty (150 zloty by different source, or €40, $55) for breaking the rules of conduct."	female
"She is also on the Advisory board of the Shaharit think tank, leadership incubator, and community organizing hub. "	" Pedaya is a prolific writer of art criticism, opinion journalism, and social analysis, in particular about Mizrahi issues."	female
The doctor arrives and takes the stranger's temperature with her thermometer. 	 The doctor thinks that the thermometer is broken.	female
"She grew up in Kuwait and Egypt, and after the Gulf War, moved to Texas with her family. "	" Jarrar is now an author, novelist, essayist, translator, and writer of short stories."	female
"As she found that art was not the path she wanted to follow, she dived into the world of medicine; Gomperts did not find her calling in the field of reproductive medicine until later on in her medical career. "	" After graduating from medical school, Gompert worked in a small hospital in Guiana as a trainee doctor."	female
"A personal note is the essay on Constance Fenimore Woolson, a woman who played an important if still uncertain role in James' life. "	" This is the only essay in Partial Portraits on a writer of minor significance, and it has provided grist to the mill of biographical speculation."	female
"Her breakout hit was the 2013 recording of Idle No More, where she pays tribute to the struggles of aboriginal people in Canada. "	 Derrickson has won awards as both performer and songwriter.	female
She was raised on the edge of a reservation and attended a Catholic school. 	" (born 1962) Behar is a feminist, anthropologist, poet, writer, and professor."	female
"Her mother was Irish, her father was British (Mancunian). "	" After a stint working as an office clerk, Baines began training as a psychiatric nurse."	female
"Some of her subsequent work focused on methodology and theory, including the co-edited volume Bringing the State Back In, which heralded a new focus by social scientists on the state as an agent of social and political change. "	" For the next five years, Skocpol would serve as an Associate Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and of Social Science, Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and Director for the Center for the Study of Industrial Societies."	female
Supervised by Eckard Lefèvre she gained her doctorate in Latin Philology (doctoral thesis: Ovid's monologue). 	" Since 1993, Auhagen has worked at the University of Freiburg, first as a research assistant, since 1995 as a research associate, in the area Transitions and tensions between orality and scribality."	female
"She was appointed as staff to the state legislature, where she started working in 1883. "	" Dromgoole was a prolific writer, publishing both prose and poetry."	female
She went on to appear in the 2006 film Casino Royale and received a European Golden Globe at the 2008 Italian Golden Globe Awards. 	" Murino was born in Cagliari, Sardinia, and initially wanted to be a doctor."	female
"In the process of adapting her own animated screenplay into a full-length, two-act libretto for the stage, Woolverton contributed several distinct changes to the material, specifically instilling more emotional depth into each main character. "	 The writer expanded the story by both fleshing out each character and allowing room for new musical numbers.	female
"As well as endorsing luxury brands, Schiffer has appeared as the face of high street retailers including Mango and Accessorize, and had her ears pierced for the first time specially for the 2006 Autumn/Winter Accessorize campaign. "	 Schiffer was a judge on Fashion Fringe in 2011.	female
"She is renowned for her work on the role of sex effects and serotonin in metabolising oestrogen, also for identifying target enzymes for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. "	 MacLean is currently a Professor of Pulmonary Pharmacology in the Strathclyde Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences at the University of Strathclyde Glasgow.	female
With Heinz Stoob she received her doctorate at the University of Münster in 1986 with a thesis on the rule of travel Karls IV. south of the Alps. 	 From 1989 to 1995 Widder was scientific assistant at the University of Münster.	female
She became part of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Birmingham as a research fellow in the Centre for the Study of Global Ethics in 2001. 	" Widdows has continued to work there since, becoming a lecturer in 2003, senior lecturer in 2005, and professor of global ethics in 2009."	female
"She has also spent time in Malawi supporting nursing education in Africa, particularly examining how undergraduate nursing students learn in low-resource hospital and other clinical settings. "	 Fawcett has published widely as co-editor of the first three editions of the major nursing textbook Nursing Practice: Hospital and Home - The Adult and co-author of Altschul's Psychology for Nurses.	female
"She grew up and attended school in Gaborone, where her parents were working. "	 Masisi is an accountant.	female
"On Friday, September 16, 2005, Malar Balasubramanian changed her plea to not guilty by reason of insanity. "	" Lawyers representing Dr. Balasubramanian said the new plea was supported by evidence that suggested the then 28-year-old doctor was distraught, injured and under the influence of drugs."	female
She then attended Queen's College of the City University of New York where she obtain degrees in French. 	" Chikwe became a radio journalist, editor and a publisher."	female
"She served as editor-in-chief of Openspace.ru until 2012, when she left the publication along with the majority of her editorial staff due to a withdrawal of funding from private investors. "	" Funded using crowdfunding platform Planeta.ru, Colta.ru guaranteed Stepanova more editorial freedom as editor-in-chief."	female
"She's a television character, and I'm an actress playing a hospital administrator, and I don't want to be in frumpy clothes. "	 I want to be a hot hospital administrator.	female
In 1971 she established the Nigerian University Palynology Laboratory. 	 Sowunmi was appointed Professor of Palynology and Environmental Archaeology in 1982.	female
"Her name remained on the ballot, and she received 3,210 votes (8.53%) to finish fourth against Liberal candidate Anita Neville. "	 Rattai was a 33-year-old accountant.	female
She soon became interested in figure ice-skating and started regular training in that sport in 1998. 	 Senderek-Wójcik is an International Technical Specialist.	female
"She used both spectroscopy, including mass spectrometry imaging, and molecular biology. "	 Casini joined the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne as a Principal Investigator in 2008.	female
An interview with Dr. Kasenally an educator at the University of Mauritius expresses her views on academic freedom in the university. 	 The professor states that in 1970s to 1980s the university was at the forefront of debates.	female
"After that year, she reduced her participation to the Monaco phase only. "	 Casiraghi is a published writer and magazine editor.	female
"As a result, they forced Gutsu's younger teammate Galiyeva to forfeit her place in the final so that Gutsu could compete. "	" Galiyeva was forced to claim a severe knee injury, which was verified by the team physician."	female
"She also appeared as herself in The Many Women of Fassbinder (1997), Midnight Journal (1990), Sophia: Ieri, oggi, domani (2007), Kulturzeit (2012), and Tutte le storie di Piera (2013). "	 Maraini is a prolific and well-known writer who continues to produce works today.	female
Below are a list of some of the significant publications from throughout her career. 	 Hornbrook is married to another atmospheric chemist.	female
"She studied Architecture at University College Dublin, where she shared a drawing desk with Ruairi Quinn. "	 McManus is an accomplished writer.	female
"She also said, I enjoyed being in the band immensely, I’m glad I did it. "	 Berenyi later worked for a magazine as a sub-editor and did not perform for many years.	female
"In one case, Dr. Aulakh faced accusations of obtaining signatures by deception in 2002 from US House Foreign Policy Aides when a publication on US Congress, The Hill stated that a legislative assistant to a Republican Congressman misled her office by implying to a staff member that the Congressman, John Shimkus, had agreed to sign a letter to the President calling for release of political prisoners in India. "	 The Senior legislative assistant stated that Dr. Aulakh had already printed the letter with the name of the Congressman leaving a staff member to assume that the office had agreed to sign it.	female
"Daneh Ghorbani was Edmund's wife, but she left him more than ten years before The Fall. "	" Daneh was a doctor before The Fall, specializing in (genetic) Change-related complications."	female
"She is best known for her still lives and landscapes, painted alla prima (in one sitting), in an energized, loose, wet-into-wet style. "	" As a plein aire landscape painter, Lafuente's primary areas of focus are cityscapes and seascapes."	female
"She was named as an alternate to the team and traveled with them to Seoul, but was not called upon to compete. "	" Omelianchik remains heavily involved in gymnastics as a choreographer, coach and judge."	female
"Didrikson's first job after high school was as a secretary for the Employers' Casualty Insurance Company of Dallas, though she was employed only in order to play basketball as an amateur on the company's industrial team, the Golden Cyclones. "	" Despite leading the team to an AAU Basketball Championship in 1931, Didrikson had first achieved wider attention as a track and field athlete."	female
"She has come from Atlanta and there was a ceiling there, so she's come up to New York. "	" There's no intimidation, what attracted me was the prospect of re-invigorating a franchise that's been so well-known and so well-liked, and then to be the shaker and mover."	female
"On June 4, 2012, she announced that she would not return for the fourth season. "	" Noxon is serving as show-runner, executive producer, writer, and is also directing some episodes."	female
She also dubbed the singing voices of Ariel in Disney's The Little Mermaid and Esmeralda in The Hunchback of Notre Dame for German-speaking audiences. 	" A painter in the neoclassical style, Lemper's paintings have been showcased in numerous galleries."	female
The area she was based in was poor and people had trouble affording the consultation and medicine fees. 	" During the Blitz, Billig was the doctor in charge of the air raid shelters in Wapping."	female
"Furthermore, she cooked on a broad culinary range and her recipes were sent across the world. "	 Watters was a keen gardener and played contract bridge and mahjong to a high level.	female
"However, it appears that she did not buy all of the arsenic which killed her patients. "	 The doctor and some of the patients had signed off to purchase it.	female
"In 1951, she left Dawn, after editor Altaf Husain demanded that she focus her writing on issues relating to women, an apparent reference to an earlier message in which he suggested she write about cooking, child-rearing, and other matters of feminine concern. "	" Hamidullah founded a monthly magazine called the Mirror, and became its editor and publisher in 1952."	female
Critics saw the character as being a degradation for Barrett compared to her first character. 	" While the position of nurse was seen as a stereotype, the character's promotion to doctor was praised."	female
She then moved on to Simon Fraser University where she graduated with her doctorate in educational psychology and the Dean's Medal for a 4.33 cumulative grade point average. 	" While a doctoral student, Muis served on the Provincial Degree Program Review Committee and served as a research assistant."	female
She is the current Women's International Boxing Association lightweight champion. 	 Ro has enjoyed an extensive career as an athlete and as a professional trainer.	female
"She continuously renews herself, having developed a personal avant-garde style with some influence from abstract expressionism and surrealism. "	" Outsider art is conventionally considered as one of the trends of informalism, but in this painter it is fused with neo-figurative art, an expressionist revival in modern form of figurative art."	female
"She moved to University of Wisconsin–Madison as a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council fellow, where she worked with Mark Ediger. "	 Fakhraai was appointed to the University of Pennsylvania as an Assistant Professor in 2011.	female
"In the days before Selena's death, Saldívar delayed handing over the bank statements and financial records by saying she had been physically and sexually assaulted in Mexico. "	" During that visit, Saldívar was given a brief physical examination by the clinic's doctor, but this did not include a gynecological exam specifically done in cases of sexual assault."	female
"She began to make a name for herself at the 1992 European Championships where she won the floor exercise gold, and finished second all-around and vault. "	 Crowds and analysts were impressed with the young athlete's exceptional difficulty.	female
"Later, however, she refused to sing light classical, saying she sang only ragas. "	 Hangal served as honorary music professor of the Karnataka University.	female
"Between 1966 and 1968, she published three novels to critical acclaim: The Cat Who Could Read Backwards, The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern, and The Cat Who Turned On and Off. "	 The rising mystery writer then disappeared from the publishing scene for 18 years.	female
She defended her Ph.D. thesis in social science in 1968. 	" Rantalaiho served as professor of sociology at the University of Lapland in 1988–1989, and in public health science at the University of Tampere in 1990–1998."	female
In 1904 she was president of the Women's Metropolitan Golf Association. 	" Manice was also an amateur but proficient swimmer, sailor, and tennis player."	female
"She now broadly supports the Labour Party, although she was critical of its left-wing leader, Jeremy Corbyn. "	 Toynbee previously worked as social affairs editor for the BBC and also for The Independent newspaper.	female
Cheenu takes Viji to an Ayurvedic medical practitioner and leaves her there for a day's treatment. 	" Finally, the police learn that Viji is getting treated at the doctor's place and reach there."	female
She spoke for the dockers at public meetings and on street corners. 	 Besant was a prolific writer and a powerful orator.	female
"In 2002, she was a visiting scholar at the Department of Classics of the University of Texas at Austin. "	 Olasope began teaching at the University of Ibadan as an Assistant Lecturer in 1997.	female
Koshi graduated from Shiga Prefectural Zeze High School and received her undergraduate degree in law from Hokkaido University. 	 Koshi also worked as an adjunct professor at Waseda University in 2005.	female
"Her father is a Presbyterian minister, her mother a nurse; her family also includes three sisters and two brothers. "	" With medicine strong in the family, it was natural for Hogg to become a doctor."	female
Norwegian coach Bjørnar Håkensmoen gave Sara Renner a ski pole after hers was broken when a competitor stepped on it during the cross-country team sprint at the 2006 Winter Olympics. 	" Norway's athlete ended up fourth, implying that this selfless act of sportsmanship may well have cost the Norwegian team a medal."	female
"In fact, Conceição remained active in the resistance and disguised this by volunteering for the church, as she delivered religious education in the Viqueque parish. "	" Under the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor, Conceição was appointed deputy district administrator for Viqueque."	female
In 1978 she went to Prague for four weeks to work with the protistologist Jiří Popovský. 	 Pfiester was an associate editor for the Journal of Phycology from 1980 to 1988.	female
"In 1998 she was invited to Italy by the Gascal club, where she spent several weeks with her family. "	 Lobatch is a coach and judge for the Belarusian Gymnastics Federation.	female
"In 1922, she became the principle of a kindergarten primary training school in Cleveland, Ohio. "	" After directing this move, Arbuthnot became an associate professor at the university."	female
"She became an invalid in her later years, and died on 28 May 1901. "	 Westcott was not a narrow specialist.	female
She lost in the quarterfinals against Luo Wei of China after injuring her knee. 	 Solheim is a well known athlete in Norway.	female
"In 2002, she earned a M.Sc. in geography with a focus on human-environment relationships at Penn State College of Earth and Mineral Sciences (PSU). "	" From 2002 to 2004, López was an instructor in the department of geography at UPR-RP."	female
"After Yale, Klobuchar enrolled at the University of Chicago Law School, where she served as an associate editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and earned her Juris Doctor magna cum laude in 1985. "	" After law school, Klobuchar worked as a corporate lawyer."	female
"She campaigned for public health and for the formal, legal allotment of land to members of the Omaha tribe. "	 Picotte was an active social reformer as well as a physician.	female
"Born to Tanzanian and Indian parents, she is a lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on education law. "	 Pancholi was a practising lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on labour/employment and education law.	female
"In October 2020, she was appointed as the next C.L. "	" Peck, Class of 1906 Professor in the School of Engineering."	female
"In May 2018, she started a nonprofit Nap4Lyme, to raise awareness and money for the Disease. "	" McGee was the co-founder and editor of a health education site FYILiving.com, which was acquired by Action Factory."	female
"As a result, most trans women cannot obtain exemption by way of a legal gender change. "	" A military doctor must diagnose the individual with gender identity disorder as mild, medium, or severe - only those who have a severe diagnosis are exempt."	female
A recent example of Western victim blaming would be a civil trial held in 2013 where the Los Angeles School District blamed a 14-year-old girl for the sexual abuse she endured from her middle school teacher. 	" The District's lawyer argued that the minor was responsible for the prevention of the abuse, putting the entire fault on the victim and exempting the perpetrator of any responsibility."	female
"In 1958, she was appointed as Curator of Scunthorpe Museum. "	 Hawkes was a research assistant at the Institute of Archaeology from 1959 to 1973.	female
She identifies herself as a Hindu. 	 Banerjee is a self-taught painter and a poet.	female
"Subsequently, she trained in London as a psychiatric nurse, becoming a Registered Nurse (RN) and a Psychiatric Nurse (PN) before returning to Canada. "	" Bridgman went on to earn the Director of Nursing designation from the University of Saskatchewan, rising to become a nurse administrator."	female
"In the section named Its Evidences Unreliable of her work Christianity, Besant presents the case of why the Gospels are not authentic: before about A.D. 180 there is no trace of FOUR gospels among the Christians. "	" Besides being a prolific writer, Besant was a practised stump orator who gave sixty-six public lectures in one year."	female
"In her role as Creative Director, Agapakis focuses on creating experiences and communicating stories about the bioengineering work the company undertakes with the ultimate goal of making biotechnology more approachable. "	 Agapakis is also a science writer.	female
In 2016 she was awarded the Elizabeth Blackwell Medal by the American Medical Women's Association for her contribution to the field of women in medicine. 	 Murthy is a qualified physician.	female
"The assistant (usually a woman) is placed in an upright cabinet, her face, hands, and left foot visible through openings in the front of the cabinet. "	" Large metal blades are inserted horizontally in the cabinet's midsection, dividing it--and presumably the assistant inside--into thirds."	female
"She is a member of the research program P1-0285, financed by the Slovenian Research Agency (ARRS) and led by Prof. Dragan Marušič, PhD. "	" Kutnar has been a member of the editorial board of the journal Ars Mathematica Contemporanea since 2016, serving as editor-in-chief from 2018."	female
"In December 2010, she toured Swedish churches with her material from Rimfrostjul. "	 Perrelli continued as a judge on Talang 2010 and Talang 2011.	female
The victory of Valla was important for the Fascist regime and the hostility of many leaders for the participation of women in athletic competitions started to decrease. 	" Mussolini used the victory of the Italian athlete for propaganda, as a demonstration of the strength of the Italian race."	female
"Prior to her service in local government, Suzanne served as Vanderburgh County Republican Central Committee Chairman for four years. "	 Crouch was elected Vanderburgh County Auditor in 1994.	female
She attended Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Johnson's School. 	" From 1893 to 1896, Weil worked as an editor and reader at Macmillan publishing house."	female
She completed her PhD in 2010 titled 'Decolonisation as a social change framework and its impact on the development of Indigenous-based curricula for Helping Professionals in mainstream Tertiary Education Organisations'. 	" At Laurentian University, Moeke-Pickering rose to full professor in 2019."	female
"Despite the changes that have taken place in the retail industry since Bondfield's day, Cox and Hobley believe that, were she alive, she'd still be champing at the bit, trying to coax shop assistants to join a union, and fiercely championing shopworkers' rights to better pay and conditions. "	 Bondfield was a prolific writer of magazine and newspaper articles.	female
"In 1973, she began an internship at the magazine Vanidades. "	" By 1979, Saralegui was editor of the Spanish version of Cosmopolitan magazine."	female
"She received her Ph.D. from Purdue University in 1986, where she worked on molecular-beam epitaxy. "	 Kolodziejski joined the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Purdue University as an assistant professor in 1986.	female
"Serrano has won her last two world title defenses, both decisions, one in ten rounds in Las Vegas and another one, a six-round win in Phoenix. "	 Serrano is also a lawyer.	female
Her son is also a prominent free diving competitor. 	" Molchanova later worked as a free diving instructor at the Russian State University of Physical Education, Sport, Youth and Tourism."	female
She organised the German Physical Society German Conference on Physics in 2009. 	" Denz is an editor for Physik Journal, Annalen der Physik and Advanced Optical Materials."	female
Flanagan had been doing stand-up comedy for six months before she was spotted in December 1994 by the producer of Full Frontal. 	 Flanagan joined the cast as both a writer and performer in 1995.	female
"Laura Grimond was also the sister of another life peer, Mark Bonham Carter, (1922–1994) who was the victor of the 1958 by-election at Torrington. "	 Grimond was also a prolific writer of pamphlets: see the McManus biography (below) for a complete list of publications.	female
Sometimes the author is in fact a composite or a team: Marjorie Proops's name appeared (with photo) long after she retired. 	" The nominal writer may be a pseudonym, or in effect a brand name; the accompanying picture may bear little resemblance to the actual author."	female
"An international woman's referee since 1995, she served as an assistant referee in the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup. "	" Viennot attended a four-day FIFA workshop in Frankfurt, hoping to become one of the 60 referees eventually chosen as assistant referees for the world's largest football tournament."	female
"She was born in Tokyo, Japan. "	 Takata was a commentator and judge on the show.	female
"For her insightful social critique and powerful prose style, Cisneros has achieved recognition far beyond Chicano and Latino communities, to the extent that The House on Mango Street has been translated worldwide and is taught in U.S classrooms as a coming-of-age novel. "	" Cisneros has held a variety of professional positions, working as a teacher, a counselor, a college recruiter, a poet-in-the-schools, and an arts administrator, and has maintained a strong commitment to community and literary causes."	female
It is currently held by Dame Elizabeth Blackadder. 	 The position of portrait painter to the royal household is honorary and for life.	female
"She grew up in Uppsala, Uppland, and was the Swedish national decathlon champion before she competed in the pageant. "	" A remarkable athlete, Rombin excelled in gymnastics, track & field, and downhill skiing."	female
"Prior to this, she was Professor of eLearning at the Institute of Educational Technology in the UK's Open University. "	 Professor Conole was named an EDEN Fellow in 2013 and was awarded a National Teaching Fellowship from the Higher Education Academy and ASCILITE Fellow Award in 2012.	female
DioGuardi has worked with many popular artists; sales of albums on which her songs appear exceed 160 million worldwide. 	 DioGuardi served as a judge on American Idol for its eighth and ninth seasons.	female
She and her family survived the war and moved to Paris where they lived for a year. 	" The only child of an advocate and a chemist, Filipović grew up in a middle-class family."	female
"Maddow has said her family is very, very Catholic and she grew up in a community that her mother has described as very conservative. "	" Maddow was a competitive athlete and participated in high school volleyball, basketball, and swimming."	female
"A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), she represents District 42A in the north-central Twin Cities metropolitan area. "	" Moller is an assistant attorney for Hennepin County, Minnesota."	female
Deeb would then start using the nickname “the professor” and hosting a “5 minute rookie challenge” where she dominates her inexperienced adversaries. 	" Outside the ring, Deeb works as a yoga instructor."	female
"Her more recent work has focused on self-portraiture and the depiction of interior, personal spaces, which attempt to demonstrate that a woman approaching her 40s can live alone in an apartment and produce significant artistic output. "	" Micu is a realist painter, working with photography, sketching, graphite drawings, and easel painting."	female
She was revising it at a nearby Starbucks when she realized that Miranda would describe something not as just blue 	" I was like, it'd be cool if half of that ended up in the movie, the writer says."	female
She started throwing at the age of 12 and at 13 threw 37m58cm to win the English Schools Championships. 	 At the age of 16 Holroyd threw 52m50 and became a senior international athlete.	female
"Open straight pool championships for a total of seven back-to-back wins, her streak foreclosed after 1978 by the discontinuance of the competition itself. "	 Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete.	female
"As of the second semester, she also worked as a freelancer in the sports department of SPORT1. "	" This was followed by activity as a moderator, reporter and editor at the online portal Spox.com, from 2013 to 2014."	female
"She owns half of Grammnet Productions, which has produced a number of television shows from the late 1990s through 2010s, including Girlfriends, Medium and The Game. "	" Within the production company, Grammer has worked as a creator, writer and executive producer."	female
"In 1968, she decided to open a skating club in Wiener Neustadt and worked with Rudolf Lang to build a skating rink. "	 Schwarz married a lawyer and became known as Schwarz-Bollenberger.	female
She is a former president of the National Action Committee on the Status of Women and was the New Democratic Party (NDP) Member of Parliament for Broadview 	 McDonald is a professor emerita of sociology at the University of Guelph.	female
"Following her divorce, she went to work, first as an insurance agent and later as the editor of the women's sections for five weekly newspapers in the Birmingham area. "	 That experience led to a position as a staff writer for the Birmingham News.	female
"Weizmann replied half a year later, supporting her desire to receive a post of pathologist but explaining administrative structures first needed to be established. "	 Finally matters were sorted out and Getzowa was engaged as a pathological specialist.	female
The book was a finalist for the Toronto Book Award and earned her the Canada-Japan Literary Award for the second time. 	 Sakamoto is also known as a writer of screenplays and essays on visual art.	female
"Phillippa Jane Poole is a New Zealand academic, and as of 2019 is a full professor and Head of School at the University of Auckland; she was previously head of the medical program. "	" After studying medicine at the University of Auckland, Poole joined the staff, rising to full professor."	female
"Apart from her childhood years, Politkovskaya spent no more than a few weeks outside Russia at any one time, even when her life came under threat. "	 Politkovskaya worked for Izvestia from 1982 to 1993 as a reporter and editor of the emergencies and accidents section.	female
"What now?, published in April 2008, is an essay based on a commencement speech she delivered at her alma mater in 2006. "	 Patchett is the editor of the 2006 volume of the anthology series The Best American Short Stories.	female
Her first international tournament was Asian Football Confederation Women's Championship 2001 held in Chinese Taipei when she was only 17 years. 	" As a coach, Maymol and an AFC ‘A’ Coaching Certificate and is also an instructor for the AIFF ‘D’ License Instructors Course."	female
"One of her daughters, Dr. Maria Paula Survilla, (1964–2020) was a professor of ethnomusicology at Wartburg College in Waverly, Iowa. "	 Survilla has participated in more than 30 exhibitions as a painter.	female
Pavey surpassed her 1997 performance by reaching the final. 	 Pavey was pushed by another athlete into lane three in the final straight and was passed by a number of athletes.	female
"Her family settled in North York, Ontario, where she grew up and developed her passion for hockey, often playing goal for her brothers on outdoor rinks. "	" A gifted athlete, Heaney also played Gaelic football, soccer, fastball and in-line hockey."	female
"In the 1940s, women were barred from a number of professions. "	" These included being a magistrate, diplomat, notary, customs officer, stock broker, and prison doctor."	female
"In 2017, she was inducted into the Cal Athletic Hall of Fame. "	" Schott later worked as the assistant director of Tualatin Hills United Soccer Club, and coached as part of the Oregon Olympic Development Program."	female
In 1975 she was chosen the German Sportspersonality of the Year. 	 Tittel is a lawyer by profession.	female
"An acquaintance of the Countess of Werdenberg, she works for the Mitleid corporation and tries to change the sky back to its original shape, which she succeeds in doing. "	" Professor Enuma dies, after the tower collapses."	female
She received a Ph.D. in English from the University of Southern California. 	 Trombley also served as assistant provost there.	female
Baquero joined the WNBC in 1995 from local cable news network NY1 News where she was a daily news anchor and consumer reporter for three years. 	" Prior to NY1, Baquero was at local station WCBS for five years working in almost every aspect of the newsroom ranging from desk assistant, to researcher, to assignment editor, and finally associate producer of the daily consumer action segment, Troubleshooter."	female
She divorced her husband in 1937. 	" By the early 1930s, Burgos was already a published writer in journals and newspapers."	female
She has also been recognized by the Kingston Historical Society as a prominent woman in Kingston society. 	 Machar was a prolific writer.	female
"Back in Germany, Proll's attempted murder charge was dropped when it was gathered that the state had withheld information that could have cleared her but she was still sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on account of bank robbery and falsifying documents; however, she had already spent at least two-thirds of that time in German and English prisons and therefore was released immediately. "	 Proll went on to study film and photography at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg and later became a picture editor for magazine and newspaper.	female
"In her writings, Grainytė pays a lot of attention to the sentence structure, the topicality, and the paradoxical quality of the imagery she constructs. "	 The writer often erases the boundaries between literary discourse and everyday speech	female
"When Pohorylle moved to Paris in 1934 to escape the anti-Semitism of Hitler's Germany she met the photojournalist Endre Friedmann, a Hungarian Jew, learned photography and became his personal assistant. "	 Pohorylle began to work for Alliance Photo as a picture editor.	female
"She later qualified the statement in an interview with the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant: Another thing I hated was that I read everywhere: now people finally know her, thanks to Beyoncé, or: she must be very grateful. "	" I thought: I am a writer and I have been for some time and I refuse to perform in this charade that is now apparently expected of me: 'Thanks to Beyoncé, my life will never be the same again.'"	female
She emigrated to New Zealand with her family at the age of eleven. 	" Smythe finished high school and started work on a communications degree, but left college to train as a fitness instructor."	female
When the assistant lies down on the couch the form is quickly moved on top of her while the cloth cover is being deployed with a flourish. 	 The form is then raised while the assistant escapes through a trap in the couch or the couch is removed offstage by stagehands.	female
"Auditor Hafer campaigned hard, but hurt herself when during the campaign she called the governor a redneck Irishman. "	 Auditor Hafer was defeated by thirty-six percentage points in one of the most lopsided gubernatorial elections in state history.	female
"Bijoch walked over 50 shows in the 2011/12 season including Thakoon, Narciso Rodriguez, Nina Ricci, Victoria Beckham, Gianfranco Ferré, Moschino, and Balenciaga (which she closed). "	 Bijoch has been a guest judge on Poland’s Top Model.	female
"Born in Brooklyn and raised on Long Island, she earned a bachelor of science in Education from Hofstra University in 1965; master's degree in Educational Psychology from Columbia University in 1972; Ed.M. in Learning and Reading Disabilities from Columbia University in 1975; and Ed.D. in Special Education "	" Kaufman has taught learning-disabled children and worked as a school psychologist, learning disabilities specialist, university professor, and founder-director of several psychoeducational clinics."	female
"She represented England in the javelin, at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. "	 After a 17-year spell as an international athlete Holroyd retired in 2006 due to injury and moved into coaching.	female
The couple married in 1975 after Miyuki divorced her ex-husband. 	 Hatoyama worked as assistant professor (1976–1981) at Tokyo Institute of Technology and later transferred to Senshu University as associate professor (1981–1984).	female
"Several institutions, schools and streets have been named after her: for instance, in the cities of Dresden, Solingen, Neuss and Calw. "	" It is also recalled that the doctor lived, studied and worked in the Bavarian capital Munich for many years."	female
"From 2005 to 2008, she was editor of the program Olímpicos. "	" ADO 2008, and later was the editor of broadcasts of the Beijing Olympics."	female
"Oppenheimer decided to make her radio character more like Baby Snooks: less sophisticated, more childlike, scheming, and impulsive "	" CBS quickly signed Oppenheimer as the show's head writer, producer, and director."	female
"Although Müller has revealed little about the specific people or books that have influenced her, she has acknowledged the importance of her university studies in German and Romanian literature, and particularly of the contrast between the two languages. "	" The two languages, the writer says, look differently even at plants."	female
"She was known for extensive preparation for oral arguments and for running a hot bench, where judges ask lawyers plenty of questions. "	" Unprepared lawyers suffered the consequences, but the vigorous questioning was an aid to lawyers seeking to tailor their arguments to the judge's concerns."	female
She was replaced by entertainer Charytín Goyco during the season finale. 	 Goyco had already served as guest host and judge during several episodes of the show.	female
"One major group of tricks involves an assistant in a box, which conceals her body from view while any cutting takes place. "	" Most box sawings give the illusion of the two halves of the assistant being moved apart, although there are versions where the effect is simply that a blade must have passed through the assistant's body."	female
"From 1959 to 1960, she directed a survey of the Cataloging-in-Source experiment conducted by the Library of Congress; though her 1960 report was pessimistic about the possibility of a national project which would provide cataloging within published books, it was the prelude to the successful 1971 introduction of the Cataloging in Publication program. "	 Piercy served as the editor of the Journal of Cataloging and Classification from 1950 to 1956.	female
to be dedicated in her memory.[citation needed] It is the first film of Tarantino's that Menke has not edited. 	 Menke's feature film credits as editor are tabulated below.	female
"The resultant work contained the seeds of all that would blossom in her later work: the innovative narrative style, the focus on feminine consciousness, sexuality and death. "	" Professor DeSalvo worked for seven years on the project of reconstructing the text of the novel as it might have appeared in 1912, before Woolf had begun serious revisions."	female
"She completed another postdoctoral fellowship at the University of Zurich, where she worked with Volker Henn and Bernhard Hess. "	 Angelaki was made an Assistant Professor at the University of Mississippi in 1993.	female
"After an undergraduate at the University of Canterbury (where she edited the student paper Canta) and University of British Columbia, Pickles completed a 1996 PhD titled 'Representing twentieth century Canadian colonial identity : the Imperial Order Daughters of the Empire (IODE)' at McGill University. "	" Pickles returned to the University of Canterbury, rising to full professor."	female
A strip of wood is pushed beneath her waist in line with the saw. 	 The saw visibly passes through the assistant and generally sounds like it is sawing through something.	female
Her doping offence was confirmed on 13 September. 	 As a junior athlete Abitova finished eleventh in the 3000 metres at the 1999 World Youth Championships.	female
"Bristow persevered, and in California began writing what would become her Louisiana plantation novels. "	 These novels established Bristow as a popular writer of historical fiction.	female
"Her education was at Marist Sisters' College, Woolwich, an all girl secondary school in the suburbs of Sydney. "	 When I sat there I didn't know I would leave and become a professional sailor and maritime lawyer.	female
"Before this volume, Excursions en Roumélie et en Morée (Excursions in Rumelia and Morea) (Zürich 1863, 2 vols.) was published, in which she tried to show that 19th-century Germany had the same civilizing task as Ancient Greece. "	 D'Istria was also a painter.	female
This suited Lynn very well since at one time she was the weight training coach for tennis superstar Martina Navratilova. 	" Later, Conkwright worked as the director of Weider Athlete Promotions and managed Weider contracted athletes."	female
"Antedating Murder, She Wrote, Ernesta was a mystery novelist, while her widowed sister Gwendolyn (known as G) wrote the stories from Ernesta's dictation. "	" (G was also a writer, but of poetry."	female
"In 1967, her first novel, The Fat Woman's Joke was published. "	" I thought this was because I was a wonderful writer, But it wasn't."	female
Judith Ortiz Cofer notes that switching between the perspectives of Marisol and Guzmán is part of the autobiographical style of her prose. 	" As a writer, I feel absolutely at liberty to cross over boundaries."	female
"She has a plaque in Richmond parish church, which calls her simply Miss Braddon. "	" Braddon was a prolific writer, producing more than 80 novels with inventive plots."	female
Schmidt-Linsenhoff became Professor of Art History at the University of Trier with a focus on women's research from 1992 until her retirement in 2008. 	 This was followed by a stay in the United States as a visiting professor at Dartmouth College.	female
"In her fictionalized account of Murasaki's life, The Tale of Murasaki: A Novel, Liza Dalby has Murasaki involved in a romance during her travels with her father to Echizen Province. "	 McCullough writes that Murasaki is both the quintessential representative of a unique society and a writer who speaks to universal human concerns with a timeless voice.	female
The Mismade Girl is often performed as a production effect 	" Sometimes the routine will omit the second restacking, and the magician may instead exchange numbers or pictures on the front of those cubes which appear to be out of order, apparently magically moving the divided parts of the assistant's body into the correct order."	female
Radack believes the OIG agent pressured her employer to fire her. 	" The firm was initially supportive, but after it obtained phone records of calls between Newsweek writer Isikoff and the firm's office showing that Radack appeared to be the leaker of government emails, that changed."	female
"In support of her claim, she relied on case law from the ECHR. "	 The judge noted that Article 12 of the ECHR is equally predicated.	female
"She is a graduate of Bethlehem's Freedom High School and Villanova University, from which she holds both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in political science. "	" From 1987 to 1993, Boscola was a Northampton County deputy court administrator."	female
"Porter considers herself a black female writer, incorporating the intersectionality of her identities into her work. "	" I do not fear that, because there is some descriptive tag before the word writer, I will be pigeonholed."	female
She learned to speak Russian so she could visit the Soviet Union. 	 Janeway was a judge for the National Book Awards in 1955 and for the Pulitzer Prize in 1971.	female
"She often interjected such elements as myth, fairy tale, the supernatural, and fantasy into her works. "	 Matute was a university professor.	female
"Hamblin, famously discreet throughout her life, achieved some notoriety in 2015 when her leading role in the destruction of Graham Sutherland's portrait of Churchill was revealed. "	 Hamblin retired from the post of Administrator at Chartwell in 1973.	female
She was Editor and Head of Press at Random House Mondadori (until 2009). 	" Since 2016, Batallé has also been Editor and Founder of: Rata and Catedral, of the same publishing group."	female
They are so common that the image of the outfit has evolved to be strongly associated with youth and female adolescence in popular culture. 	" As a result, sailor uniforms are seen very frequently in Japanese dramas, movies, anime, manga, music videos and concert performances of pop teen idol groups."	female
"She stayed there until 2006, when she began teaching at the University of Michigan in the Department of Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences. "	 Today Steiner is a professor in the Department of Climate and Space Sciences and Engineering.	female
MacDonald was crowned as the Queen of the Movies in 1939 with Tyrone Power as her king. 	 MacDonald was awarded an honorary doctor of music degree from Ithaca College in 1956.	female
"In 1973, she received her doctorate from Erich Hubala at the University of Kiel with a thesis on Guido Reni. "	" From 1986 to 1991, Schmidt-Linsenhoff was co-editor of the art journal Kritische Berichte."	female
"In 2010, she published A Review of Building Evacuation Models: 2nd Edition which reviews different egress drills in order to decide which is appropriate for a given building or situation. "	 Kuligowski was an editor for Pedestrian and Evacuation Dynamics (Springer 2011) in addition to SFPE (Society of Fire Protection Engineers) Handbook of Fire Protection Engineering (Springer 2016).	female
Sutcliff's early schooling was constantly interrupted by moving house and her illness. 	 Sutcliff then worked as a painter of miniatures.	female
"By Kovac's own account, she was one of the first in her family to attend and graduate from university, Oberlin College. "	" From 1981 to 1983, Kovac was employed as a chemist working on carbon-based materials."	female
The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts. 	 The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself.	female
"After postdoctoral research at Michigan State University, she became an assistant professor at Hope College in Michigan in 1998, then moved to the University of Oregon in 2000 and to Notre Dame in 2001. "	 Polini is currently an Associate Editor for the Journal of Commutative Algebra.	female
"Since then, more women have joined the surgical training program in Fiji, leading to the first combined sub-meeting of Pacific Women in Surgery and Royal Australasian College of Surgeon's women in surgery delegates at the GSA//PISA meeting in Denarau, Fiji 2018. "	" Working as a general surgeon in Fiji, Dr Waqainabete some of the surgical load of complications related to non-communicable lifestyle disease especially Diabetes."	female
"Excited about her newly developed style and feeling ever more nationalistic, she wrote to her family in April 1923: I feel myself ever more Brazilian. "	 I want to be the painter of my country.	female
Browne encouraged her dancers to also choreograph for the company and created works herself that reflected her humanistic viewpoints. 	" Browne worked in the company as artistic director, resident choreographer and teacher."	female
She is occasionally seen presenting the 6pm news during summer. 	 Azzopardi joined the Nine Network's news service Nine News in 2009 as a political journalist located in Canberra.	female
She qualified in 1990 as a professor at the University of Hamburg and was promoted to a level C-3 professor in 1996. 	" Five years later, Beisiegel qualified as a level C-4 professor and became director of the Institute of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf."	female