context	segment	gender
"During the 1870s, several incidents made Alexander Stewart hostile towards Seligman, although the two men had served together on the board of the New York Railways Company, whose president was Judge Henry Hilton, a Tweed Ring associate. "	 The first incident involved Seligman's declining the post of Secretary of the Treasury.	male
"He then went to Sydney and then Melbourne holding exhibitions of his work, and died of cancer in Melbourne on 3 January 1939. "	" Evergood was a capable artist, who mostly painted landscapes in oil with affinities to the post impressionists."	male
His work was originally designed for the gate of Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome. 	" The first design was ready in 1970 but, due to a series of historical events it was only inaugurated in 1983 in the presence of the artist, who was by then seriously ill."	male
Motl is described as having a natural talent for drawing cartoons – sometimes getting into trouble with people feeling insulted by his depiction of them. 	 Some episodes indicate that the author intended to have the character enter a journalistic career.	male
In 1866 he became an instructor in palaeontology at the University of Munich and at the same time taught Princess Theresa and Prince Arnulf of Bavaria. 	" Although an excellent teacher, and especially competent in practical work, Waagen, who was a most loyal Catholic, had little prospect of obtaining a professorship at the University of Munich."	male
"It was found that three cooks had prepared the meals, one of whom had infected lesions on the index and middle finger of his right hand. "	 The lesions on the cook’s fingers were found to be infected with staphylococci.	male
"Since a journal is written from the perspective of each day, Mountstuart's moods change as events affect him. "	" The form lends itself to plotlessness, since the author/narrator inevitably cannot see the overall structure of the story."	male
Various attempts have been made to clear up the error concerning the mention of Tyre as a subsequent bishopric of Methodius; it is possible that he was transported to Tyre during the persecution and died there. 	" Methodius had a comprehensive philosophical education, and was an important theologian as well as a prolific and polished author."	male
"In 1849, he was appointed to a teaching post in Ajaccio (Corsica), then in 1853 moved on to the lycée in Avignon. "	" Fabre was a popular teacher, physicist, chemist and botanist."	male
"Though baptised as Emilio Stanley by Italian missionaries in his youth, he has been known as Mwai Kibaki throughout his public life. "	 Kibaki turned out to be an exemplary student.	male
"The Polish writer Bolesław Prus, for the sake of making a point, introduces into chapter 63 of his historical novel Pharaoh, set in the ancient Egypt of 1087–1085 BCE, a substance that behaves like gunpowder. "	" Another apparent anatopism introduced by the author (in chapter 45) is an object that resembles a telescope, that may also be an anachronism."	male
"While the opposing team's starting lineup is announced, the student section shakes newspapers, and after each name chants, So What Who Cares Who's He? "	" Each time an opposing player commits a foul the student section chants the number of fouls that player has, and every time a K-State player sinks a three-point basket, the announcer says the name of the player followed by for, and then the crowd echoes three!"	male
"Kucan appeared on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura on truTV, where he was enlisted by Ventura as the resident skeptic. "	 Kucan is the author of the novel Full Contact: The Collected Stories.	male
"In 1960, he married French-Canadian Janick Larouche, whom he met in a language class in Toronto, and with whom he had sons Pierre and Hans. "	" Professionally, Zündel worked as a graphic artist, photographer, photo retoucher, and printer."	male
"In 1978, he became a Presidential elector, a position he also held in 1982 and 1998. "	" From 1979 to 1980, Aho was Political Secretary to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs."	male
"“Dictators are stupid,” he noted, “They won’t necessarily read between the lines.” "	" As a young artist in Baghdad in the 1980s, Alfraji worked as an animator for children's television."	male
"Later that day, UN and Brazilian officials said that he appeared to have shot himself in the head, several days after national elections had been postponed for a fourth time. "	 Bacellar was also a teacher of geography and of Brazilian Studies in military schools.	male
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet nurse; the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home. 	" When the Balzac children returned home, they were kept at a frosty distance from their parents, which affected the author-to-be significantly."	male
"Camejo was survived by his wife, Morella Camejo; stepdaughter Alexandra Baquero, stepson Victor Baquero, and brothers Antonio and Daniel Camejo and Danny Ratner. "	 Camejo is the author of The SRI Advantage: Why Socially Responsible Investing Has Outperformed Financially.	male
He soon made a career change to costume and wardrobe. 	 Plunkett's first credited work as a costume designer was the 1927 film Hard-Boiled Haggerty.	male
"Lecocq enjoyed an early success in 1856, when he and Georges Bizet shared the first prize in a competition for composers of comic opera, organised by Jacques Offenbach. "	" Lacking the connections to secure commissions from Parisian theatres, Lecocq spent the next decade in obscurity and routine work as a teacher, accompanist and répétiteur."	male
"In 1964 he became the first Executive Director of (as it was then) the Union of Liberal and Progressive Synagogues, now known as Liberal Judaism. "	" Brichto was also a prolific author, having written extensively in the Jewish and national press."	male
"By chance, the original maker, now a grown man, is working there as a local guide and he also sees the newspaper. "	" Each movement of the canoe is celebrated by a short chapter, suitable for reading aloud to a child and decorated with black-and-white sketches and at least one full-page watercolor, all by the author."	male
"In 1999 The New Yorker chose him as one of America's most talented young writers, placing him on their 20 Writers for the 21st Century list.[citation needed] Of the novel The Ice Storm (later produced as the movie starring Sigourney Weaver), Hungry Mind Review commented that it “works on so many levels, and is so smartly written, that it should establish Rick Moody as one of his generation's bellwether voices. "	" It is also remarkably mature, containing far more insights about family life and far more wisdom than any 29-year-old author should reasonably possess."	male
"He is currently a visiting professor at King's College London where he works with the Policy Institute at King's, a visiting professor at the Cass Business School, a board member of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and a visiting fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. "	" Willetts is the author of several books on conservatism, including Why Vote Conservative (1996) and Modern Conservatism (1992), as well as numerous articles."	male
The Berlin Collection of Classical Antiquities in the Altes Museum contains the remnants of a series of his votive tablets. 	 Placing such an order with a potter and vase painter is likely to be unique in antiquity and is evidence of the high reputation of this artist.	male
"He contacted Lawrence Weschler, a writer at The New Yorker, and helped organize Shapinsky's first one-man show, at London's Mayor Gallery. "	" As a result, Shapinsky became a 'revived artist' as an abstract impressionist."	male
"But Wilders did not want to cooperate, the Dutch right splintered, and Spruyt decided to end his brief political career after six months. "	" After leaving politics, Spruyt entered a life as an independent consultant, journalist, teacher, writer and speaker."	male
"French quoted Blavatsky as saying: No author in the world of literature ever gave a more truthful or more poetical description of these beings than Sir E. Bulwer-Lytton, the author of Zanoni. "	" This novel is especially important for followers of occultism because of the suspicion--actively fostered by its author--that the work is not a fictional account of a mythical fraternity, but an accurate depiction of a real brotherhood of immortals."	male
"As Professor of Painting at the Royal Academy he gave a memorable series of lectures to the students of the Schools, published as Six Lectures on Painting (1904) and Aims and Ideals in Art (1906). "	 Clausen was an official war artist during World War I.	male
"In June 1842 he welcomed at Templeogue, four miles southwest of Dublin, the author of the Snob Papers on his Irish tour (the Sketch Book was, later, dedicated to Lever). "	 The author's character is not humour but sentiment.	male
"He quickly discerned the genius of George Eliot, forthwith accepting and publishing in his magazine the first instalment of her earliest fiction the 'Scenes of Clerical Life,' which had been sent to him without the name of the author, for whom thus early he predicted a great career as a novelist. "	" This commencement of a business connection was soon followed by a personal acquaintance between author and publisher, which ripened into intimacy."	male
"After leaving the band, he ran a whole food shop for about five years. "	 Cullimore went on to become a journalist and author of over 120 children's books.	male
He received his M.A. in English from McGill University in 1928 and his Ph.D. in the discipline from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1935. 	" Professionally, Hayakawa was a linguist, psychologist, semanticist, teacher, and writer."	male
"In his 1997 report Shaping their future, Professor Barry McGaw was highly critical of the School Certificate. "	" Professor McGaw recommended that the School Certificate be abolished and replaced, for students leaving school, with a statement of achievement which would include each student’s results on statewide tests in literacy and numeracy as well as school-based results in all courses completed in Year 10."	male
Between the second half of 1780s until his death in 1802 Argunov did not paint but spent all his time managing different estates and businesses of the Sheremetevs. 	 Argunov was an important teacher of art.	male
"Wiinblad illustrated the work of his fellow Dane, Hans Christian Andersen, when he took on the task of providing the artwork for The Swineherd(195 ) which won an award from the American Library Association. "	 Wiinblad was an important designer for the Rosenthal porcelain company.	male
	" According to one student, Medvedev was a popular teacher; strict but not harsh."	male
"Moberg himself was born on a farm just north-west of the town Emmaboda in 1898, where a monument stone now stands since 1970. "	 Nearby is also a small museum about the author.	male
"In clinical psychological practice in the United States, duty to warn requires a clinician who has reasonable grounds to believe that a client may be in imminent danger of harming himself or others to warn the possible victims. "	 Duty to warn is among the few exceptions to a client's right to confidentiality and the therapist's ethical obligation to maintain confidential information related in the context of the therapeutic relationship.	male
"In September that year, he was appointed a deputy secretary in the Department of Supply, rising to the rank of full secretary by 1945. "	" Patel became Home Secretary under Vallabhbhai Patel in 1946, serving till 1950."	male
"By studying the histolotgic sections of the teeth of animals, he inspired a new discipline: the histo-physiology of teeth and surrounding structures. "	 Schour was an innovative teacher who ensured that dental professionals were kept abreast of non-dental research in the other sciences by founding the annual Midwest Seminar of Dental Medicine.	male
"A few days later, Dr. Van Ness explains the situation to the Secretary of Defense, informing him that, in spite of all the setbacks, the project is still on schedule, and that a working model of the space station is about to be launched into orbit. "	 The Secretary notes with satisfaction: Nothing will take us by surprise again!	male
"If this was a court of law, there would have been nothing proven, Goldstone said, emphasizing that his conclusion that war crimes had been committed was always intended as conditional. "	" Nevertheless, the report itself is replete with bold and declarative legal conclusions seemingly at odds with the cautious and conditional explanations of its author."	male
"In 1993 Jungnickel joined Augsburg University where he occupies the chair for discrete mathematics, optimisation, and operations research. "	 A reviewer notes that The author does a beautiful job showing and developing the practical applicability of the fascinating area of finite field theory.	male
He continued to gain recognition as an applied artist due to his success at the Paris International Exhibit of the Decorative Arts in 1925. 	" After these wins, Brodovitch's career as an applied artist took off."	male
"He is now a choreographer and dancer, and he is a member of the dancing group Oyaji dancers, where oyaji is a faintly derogatory Japanese word literally meaning dad but also used for middle-aged men in general. "	 Suzuki made a brief appearance as a dancer in the video for the song O!	male
"Bates is a good and stylish writer; he has an ear for the pithy phrase, and reading him is generally a pleasure. "	" This book, based on original scholarship, vast knowledge of a rapidly changing global field, and the arcana of many loosely linked disciplines brings the skills and interests of its polymath author together for a supremely important purpose."	male
"The story of GPA's downfall is told by Christopher Brown, aviation lawyer and GPA Senior Vice-President, in his 2009 book Crash Landing – An Inside Account of the Fall of GPA. "	 It is based on a contemporaneous diary of events kept by the author from 1990 to 1996 while employed by GPA and subsequently GECAS.	male
In 2019 he joined the Slavic Department at Columbia University with a goal of focusing on contemporary Russian culture within the Harriman Institute. 	 Lipovestky is the author or co-author of five books and more than seventy articles.	male
"Similarly, he has found that people look to external behavior in evaluating biases in others, but engage in introspection when evaluating their own. "	" Gilovich was an early author in the clustering illusion, which is closely related to the hot hand fallacy, and is the tendency to see clusters of data in a random sequence of data as nonrandom."	male
"At any rate, Philotas, the physician of Amphissa, used to tell my grandfather, Lamprias, that he was in Alexandria at the time, studying his profession, and that having got well acquainted with one of the royal cooks, he was easily persuaded by him (young man that he was) to take a view of the extravagant preparations for a royal supper. "	" But the cook burst out laughing and said: The guests are not many, only about twelve; but everything that is set before them must be at perfection, and this an instant of time reduces."	male
"After a long period of absence lasting more than a decade, he directed a film, Nerkkuneraey (Face to Face), in (2004). "	 Menon made a name as a versatile Poster Designer as well.	male
"After his time at Yale, he went on a Grand Tour of Europe between 1832 and 1833. "	" Pell had a passion for agricultural pursuits, and was a familiar figure in agricultural clubs and conventions, as well as an author of many valuable papers on fruit-culture and kindred topics."	male
"In 1892, he collaborated in the founding of the Borinquen Club, the first of several Puerto Rican clubs affiliated with the Cuban Revolutionary Party (PRC). "	 Figueroa would later become secretary of the Executive Board of the PRC.	male
"After the season, Zombo announced his retirement from the game. "	 Zombo is an accomplished artist who has worked on projects like the promotional issue of the City of Heroes comic book.	male
"A Complete Course of Lithography combined Senefelder's history of his own invention with a practical guide to lithography, and remained in print as recently as 1977 (Da Capo Press). "	" Unlike previous printmaking techniques, such as engraving, that required advanced craft skills, lithography facilitated greater accuracy and textural variety, because the artist could now draw directly onto the plate with familiar pens."	male
"In addition, as understudy to Kenneth Sandford, he often played Private Willis in Iolanthe, King Hildebrand in Princess Ida, Pooh-Bah in The Mikado, Sir Despard Murgatroyd in Ruddigore, Wilfred Shadbolt in The Yeomen of the Guard, and Don Alhambra in The Gondoliers. "	 Cook was also known for crafting the Japanese-style fans used by D'Oyly Carte and numerous amateur G&S societies for productions of The Mikado throughout the UK and abroad.	male
"He worked on the topic until 1889, the knowledge he gathered being evaluated as particularly important for the period. "	" A good painter and drawer, Kanitz was also the author of a number of black and white drawings related to the life in the Balkans."	male
"Startide Rising is a 1983 science fiction novel by American writer David Brin, the second book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by Sundiver and followed by The Uplift War). "	 It was revised by the author in 1993 to correct errors and omissions from the original edition.	male
"There he met Lord Soulbury who had been appointed to lead a Commission to Ceylon, pressing his case for self-rule. "	 Goonetilleke became an unofficial secretary to the commission and significantly influenced it.	male
"I throw away most of what I write, he said in a 2006 interview. "	 I feel a lot of guilt about the freedom that being an artist provides.	male
"This led to him being harshly attacked in the 1920s by the proletarian musician movement, especially by the representatives of the RAPM Russian Association of Proletarian Musicians and Prokoll (Production Collective of the Students at the Moscow Conservatory). "	" Roslavets was accused of being a counter-revolutionary and bourgeois artist, alien to the proletariat, as well as formalist, a class enemy and in the late 1920s and early 1930s, a Trotskyist, saboteur; etc."	male
"Five of Unaipon's traditional stories were published in 1929 as Native Legends, under his own name and with his picture on the cover. "	" They have been republished in their original form, under the author's name, as Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines."	male
Ørsted himself recounted how he influenced Zeise through conversations and encouraged him when he expressed the desire to take the university entrance examination (Examen artium). 	 Zeise became a university student in 1809.	male
	 McKay was elected student body president in 1916.	male
He appeared in stage productions throughout college and continued on stage long after his tour of duty in Vietnam. 	 Savini served as a combat photographer during the Vietnam War.	male
"He is also a member of the group Dilated Peoples, as well as being one-half of Step Brothers with The Alchemist. "	" Before creating music, Perretta was a graffiti artist."	male
"He continued his active support of ultra-royalist views until his death, which took place in Paris on 17 January 1825. "	" Besides a large number of political pamphlets, Ferrand was the author of:"	male
"At the age of eighteen he was received into the Order of Preachers at Rome, and made his religious profession in 1852 and studied philosophy at the College of Saint Thomas, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum. "	 From the beginning Zigliara was a student of uncommon brilliancy.	male
"Not only did he continuously treat new subjects, he is also known, upon popular demand, to have reworked at his Beyoğlu atelier some of his earlier studies of Damascus, Beirut and Egypt from sketches at hand, selling most of them to his Levantine clients. "	" During this formative period in the Turkish art of painting and its milieu, the artist was, therefore, far-removed from the new developments."	male
"Nor is Ḥiyya's authorship contradicted by various contradictions presented by individual passages in the Sifra as compared with the Tosefta, which latter also is ascribed to him. "	" If it is assumed that Ḥiyya is the author, the title Sifra debei Rav is to be explained as indicating that Sifra was among the midrashim which were accepted by Rav's school and which thereby came into general use."	male
"Born in Port de Grave, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada), he was the fourth of the seven children of Robert Prowse and Jane Woodley. "	 Prowse is the author of A History of Newfoundland which is considered one of the most complete and meticulous colonial history books in existence.	male
"To function effectively, this presidential appointee must be able to maintain a relationship of mutual confidence and respect with two people who are central in our government and who both outrank him: the Secretary of State and the United States Representative to the UN. "	" If relations break down with either, the Assistant Secretary's usefulness is, of course, critically impaired."	male
"He is also a fan of football and follows his hometown professional football team, FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. "	 Medvedev is an avid amateur photographer.	male
"In 1986, Nair rose to the post of Deputy Secretary at the Ministry of Trade and Industry where he was involved in the Uruguay Round of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) negotiations, as well as with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). "	" From 1989 to 1997, Nair was Singapore's Deputy Secretary at the Ministry of Defence."	male
"In 1994, he began his union career as a trainee organiser under the ACTU's Organising Works program at the Australian Workers' Union (AWU), before being elected Victorian state secretary in 1998. "	 Shorten was elected as the AWU's national secretary in 2001 and was re-elected in 2005.	male
"After the war, he enrolled at the University of Louisville and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948 and a law degree in 1950. "	 Cook was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1957 and again in 1959.	male
"In the 1950s, Mazniashvili's son, a World War II veteran of the Soviet army, submitted a request for a political rehabilitation of his father, but this was turned down by the authorities. "	 Maznashvili is the author of the popular Soldier’s Memoirs.	male
He ran for the governorship of Cebu in 1931 and became the President of the League of Provincial Governors of the Philippines. 	 Cuenco was Secretary of Public Works and Communications from 1936 to 1939.	male
"Charles E. Dvorak of the C.A.A. then demonstrated his class, and from the 11-foot mark he competed alone, the other four men being tied at that mark. "	" After retiring from athletic competition, Dvorak worked over the next 35 years as a lawyer, apple farmer, civil servant, athletic coach and teacher."	male
Gemmell later said that his Managing Director had regarded it a poisonous attack on his integrity. 	" After the publication of Waylander, Gemmell became an author full-time, writing over thirty novels in total, some as part of long-running series, others as standalone works."	male
"In 1947 the Foundation for Special Chairs in Calvinistic Philosophy came into existence, with Vollenhoven as chairman. "	" At the Vrije Universiteit itself, S. U. Zuidema was appointed, in part to relieve Vollenhoven of the introduction to philosophy course, which, with the growth of the student population after the War, had become quite demanding."	male
"He attended the University of Hawaii, where he received his bachelor's and master's degrees. "	" Originally a high school teacher, Akaka went on to serve as a principal for six years."	male
"In a 2019 interview with CNBC, he told how he sees great potential with Lyft and even though the company went public in 2018, he is bullish on the company and will be invested in it for a long time. "	 This marks the first time an honor of this kind has been bestowed upon a rap artist.	male
"Senate seat two years earlier, died barely a year into his term. "	 Bloxham was named Secretary of State.	male
"During that time, he won two BBL championships as a head coach, one with the Birmingham Bullets in 1996 and one with the Manchester Giants in 2000, while also helping London Towers in the Euroleague. "	 Nurse also won the BBL Coach of the Year Award in the 1999–2000 and 2003–04 seasons.	male
"In 1995, he made an appearance on Broadway, providing the voice of the titular book in the 1995 revival of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. "	" Cronkite was a finalist for NASA's Journalist in Space program, which mirrored the Teacher in Space Project, an opportunity that was suspended after the Challenger disaster in 1986."	male
"Although he has done boxing and mixed martial arts, he is mainly a football player, playing twice a week. "	" As an elementary and high school student, Cuenca played as a football varsity player for PAREF Southridge School."	male
Thereafter he was an inmate at Brandenburg-Görden Prison in Brandenburg an der Havel until 1945. 	" From 1945 to 1946, Seibt was the first secretary of the Brandenburg district leadership and a member of the KPD Brandenburg state leadership."	male
"Before the marriage, Chagall had difficulty convincing Bella's parents that he would be a suitable husband for their daughter. "	 Becoming a successful artist now became a goal and inspiration.	male
"In 1794, Lagrange was appointed professor of the École Polytechnique; and his lectures there, described by mathematicians who had the good fortune to be able to attend them, were almost perfect both in form and matter.[citation needed] Beginning with the merest elements, he led his hearers on until, almost unknown to themselves, they were themselves extending the bounds of the subject: above all he impressed on his pupils the advantage of always using general methods expressed in a symmetrical notation. "	 But Lagrange does not seem to have been a successful teacher.	male
"In Panorama Developments (Guildford) Limited v Fidelis Furnishing Fabrics Limited [1971] 2 QB 711, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the knowledge of the managing director. "	 A company secretary routinely enters into contracts in the company's name and has administrative responsibilities that would give apparent authority to hire cars.	male
He left his position for personal reasons and took several clerical and accounting jobs. 	" After briefly serving in law enforcement for the colonial government, Gizenga became a teacher at a secondary Catholic school."	male
"The author himself had no very high opinion of the work, remarking that he had written it chiefly for young students. "	" The Shulchan Aruch achieved its reputation and popularity not only against the wishes of the author, but, perhaps, through the very scholars who criticized it."	male
It is his first non-fiction book. 	" The author notes in the foreword of the 1994 reprint of this book that medical practices (both the culture, technology and finances) have changed significantly since the book was written, but that the text was left as is to give us a more complete glimpse into the past."	male
"However, during this period he also became closely associated with the Christian Patriot movement on the right, and spoke at conferences sponsored by Christian Identity pastor Pete Peters. "	 Gritz is the author of three books.	male
"In 1912 the novel Dry Valley (Суходол) came out, his second major piece of semi-autobiographical fiction, concerning the dire state of the Russian rural community. "	" Again it left the literary critics divided: social democrats praised its stark honesty, many others were appalled with the author's negativism."	male
"A video of a student from Duncanville, 18-year-old sophomore Jeff Bliss scolding his social studies/history teacher, went viral in May 2013, and was picked up by media. "	 CBS local news quoted the student:	male
"Aside from his work as a musician, Mickelson has worked as a writer for Scream Magazine in addition to his work as a graphic designer. "	 Mickelson is the lead designer for Scream Magazine and the Inferno Metal Festival.	male
"He was educated at Dungourney National School, Rockwell College, County Tipperary, and University College Dublin where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Politics and Psychology. "	" For a brief period in the early 1970s, Ahern worked as a secondary school teacher."	male
"Paul intervenes and overpowers him, but he wriggles free. "	 The librarian is then run over by a car in front of the library and apparently killed.	male
His memoir of Alkan in his book Les Pianistes célèbres is nonetheless one of the most valuable sources for Alkan's biography. 	 Marmontel achieved renown as an effective and imaginative teacher.	male
"Fernando Virgili (Cerreto Sannita, 6 September 1913 – Naples, 2007), first Duke of Castelvenere, is an Italian professor, veteran and artist. "	 Virgili attended technical studies and engineering and was a self-taught artist.	male
At the center of his music is the sound of what is real. 	" The sum total of these varying components is an awesome knowledge, consumed and then shared by an artist who is free enough to do both."	male
"Apart from his parliamentary activities, Bellenger wrote a column for the Sunday Pictorial under the byline Voice of the Services. "	" When the Labour Party returned to government with a landslide at the 1945 general election, Bellenger was appointed Financial Secretary to the War Office."	male
"Corbetta was the most significant guitar composer of his day (Gaspar Sanz called him el mejor de todos, or the greatest of all) and one of the first to publish in the mixed style. "	 Corbetta was also influential as a teacher.	male
"After the dentist takes Lavonia to the dental room, his nurse Flovilla kisses Lamar. "	 The doctor then switches places with the nurse.	male
"Reviewing X-Men: Evolution's third season, Filip Vukcevic of IGN was mixed in his analysis, deeming it inferior to X-Men: The Animated Series and concluding, Evolution ... will interest long-time X-fans, but the fluffy stories and underutilized character personalities ... will cause discerning viewers to zone out, suffering from its attempt to cram everyone in. "	" The author also panned the series' average voice acting, feeling that Magneto, Wolverine and Beast were miscast."	male
"In 2006 he became Associate Professor at Istanbul Bilgi University, and in 2008 Professor of Turkology at the Institute for the Near and Middle East of the University of Munich. "	" Neumann is the author, publisher and translator of several books on the subject."	male
"In 1996, Bowie reflected on his time with Tin Machine: For better or worse it helped me to pin down what I did and didn’t enjoy about being an artist. "	" It helped me, I feel, to recover as an artist."	male
"A precocious youngster, he was admitted to the Pharmacy School at the University of Buenos Aires at 14 years of age and subsequently to the Medical School of the same university from 1904 to 1910, beginning when he was only 17 years old. "	" While a third year medical student, Houssay took up a post as a research and teaching assistant in the Chair of Physiology."	male
"Writing in Wisden in 1978, Basil Easterbrook said: Not the least of Turnbull's achievements was that he was the first man to justify Glamorgan's elevation to first-class status in 1921. "	" When Turnbull took over [in 1930, as captain and club secretary] they were indeed a bedraggled flock without a shepherd."	male
"He's using his blood to make them interesting, but when you look at them they're what any four-year-old can do. "	 The photos gained praise for depicting a much cleaner and more handsome Doherty.	male
"He dissected and illustrated numerous creatures; his anatomical drawing of a sea urchin is the earlier extant depiction of an invertebrate and he found important anatomical similarities between dolphins, pigs and humans. "	 Rondelet was a popular and effective teacher and lecturer and was elected chancellor of Montpellier University in 1556.	male
"He successfully managed the Conservative Party's 1983 election campaign, and was rewarded with an appointment as Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, but was forced to resign after revelations that his former secretary, Sara Keays, was pregnant with his child, whom she later bore and named Flora Keays. "	" Parkinson subsequently served as Secretary of State for Energy, and later Secretary of State for Transport."	male
He was able to use this talent effectively when he became manager of the South African government's Native Labour Bureau and adviser to the Native Recruiting Corporation for the Chamber of Mines at a time of increasing industrial unrest. 	" Taberer was the Secretary for Zululand in 1894, an acting magistrate in Eshowe, Zululand in 1895."	male
The ballots from Otsego County were forwarded to the secretary of state by Sheriff Smith who was holding over in office until the appointment of a successor after his term had expired. 	 The ballot box from Tioga County was delivered to the secretary of state by the clerk of the special deputy appointed by the sheriff.	male
	 Cook was pressed into service as a player as a result of injuries.	male
"It finally leads him to union with Christ by exciting love for him as well as by pointing out the frailty of all creatures: It is necessary to leave the beloved thing for the beloved, because Jesus wishes to be loved above all things (Oportet dilectum propter dilectum relinquere, quia Jesus vult solus super omnia amari: II, xvii). "	" Though the book betrays that the author was well versed not only in Scholastic philosophy and theology, but also in the secrets of the mystical life, yet this fact never obtrudes itself on the reader, nor does it obscure the meaning of the contents."	male
"As for the factory craftsman, his training under the apprenticeship system limited him to one phase in the production of glass. "	" This training could not prepare anyone to function as an independent artist, but only to serve as a cog in the industrial machinery."	male
"In 2012 and 2013, Cabrera was nominated by his team for the Roberto Clemente Award, honoring the MLB player who best represents baseball on and off the field. "	 Cabrera is both a Catholic and a practitioner of Santería.	male
"Through this piece and his other performance works, Brus hoped to reveal the still fascist essence of the nation. "	 Brus also was editor of the Schastrommel (author's edition) from 1969 on.	male
"He was a principal player in the coup against Khrushchev in October 1964, obviously influencing the KGB to support the conspirators. "	 Shelepin probably expected to become First Secretary and de facto leader of the USSR when Khrushchev was overthrown.	male
"According to al-Jawbari in his book Kashf al-Asrar (Unveiling the Secrets)members of the Haydariyya dervish order took Hashish before staging their performances of self-mutilation, in order to numb the pain. "	 The author was a conjuror whose writing was an exposé of not only magic tricks but also the 'dodges' of beggars and other 'low-life'.	male
It was maintained that he appropriated the thoughts of his teacher Hasdai Crescas without giving him due credit. 	" Crescas having been Albo's teacher, the similarities are only such as might be reasonably expected in the writings of both teacher and student."	male
I am the Ietada who wishes to bequeth his name to generations to come. 	 Ietada is singled out as an example of the honor of samurai and prowess by the author of Hogen Monogatari:	male
Davis was then sentenced to a six-month prison term where he was able to do some research. 	 Opinions expressed in this paper are the author's and are not necessarily those of the Bureau of Prisons.	male
"He is the father of Simon Festing, the former executive director of the Research Defence Society, which focuses on supplying information about, and defending, the use of animals in medical experiments in the UK. "	 Festing is the author of over 200 scientific papers on laboratory animal genetics and related issues.	male
"As one of the largest conservationist organizations in the country,[citation needed] The Wilderness Society has contributed to nearly all major designations of lands to be entered into the wilderness system.[citation needed] The Wilderness Society was incorporated on April 30, 1937, by a group of eight men who would later become some of the 20th century's most prominent conservationists. "	" Yard became the Society's first secretary and the editor of its magazine, The Living Wilderness."	male
"CP Leblond was born in Lille, France, in 1910, the son of a building contractor who died when Leblond was only 10 years old, leaving his mother to raise four boys on her own. "	" A brilliant student, Leblond debated becoming a film producer, an architect or a scientist."	male
"To cure the psychological maladjustment, [it's necessary] to catch him in his true state. "	" Blummer was surprised by these provisions, saying, I don't know of any time when such monitoring has been used on an artist."	male
"By 1748 his novel Clarissa was published in full: two volumes appeared in November 1747, two in April 1748, and three in December 1748. "	" Unlike the novel, the author was not faring well at this time."	male
"The student confesses he does not know, with the ethical precept, answering with untruth, when one does not know the answer, is wrong. "	 The student asks sage Pippalada the same question.	male
"He returned to France and died on 22 July 1877 in Poitiers, while caring for his father. "	 This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Wedd.	male
"Since 1976, he has worked as a freelance writer. "	" Maar is the author of a large number of novels, short stories and plays."	male
"The anonymous author recounts the story of their bequest of the lands to the parish to support the annual dole, and goes on to say that despite the antiquity of the events described, he has no doubt as to their authenticity. "	" As with all accounts of the tradition prior to 1790 the author does not mention their alleged birth in 1100, or the name of Chulkhurst; these details first appeared in a broadside published in 1790."	male
"Lázaro states that the motivation for his writing is to communicate his experiences of overcoming deception, hypocrisy, and falsehood (engaño). "	" Lázaro shares some of the traits of the central figure of Encolpius, a former gladiator, though it is unlikely that the author had access to Petronius' work."	male
"As part of the war effort Blickensderfer converted much of his factory to produce munitions for the war, including a machine gun belt feed for the French government and 50 caliber machine gun mounts for aircraft. "	" With the brilliant chief engineer and designer gone, the company could not continue, and the heirs sold the company in 1919."	male
"Outside of men's curling, Ramsfjell and his sister Maia represented Norway at the 2018 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship. "	" As of 2019, Ramsfjell was a masters student in electrical engineering."	male
"Carlucci is asked for input, and he mumbles that the US government does not involve itself in the internal affairs of other countries. "	" At the time, Carlucci was the second secretary of the US Embassy in Congo."	male
"He also campaigned for the British government to do their part by preserving a Second World War airfield in its original condition for future generations to see, and for the history of each airfield to be recorded fully and the men and sacrifice never forgotten. "	 The book took 18 months to compile and drew upon the author's knowledge and experience working in airfields and documenting their history.	male
"It was in these February 1858 speeches that Blackwell first argued that woman suffrage was politically expedient no matter a party's principles or goals: Enfranchising women, he said, would allow Republicans to more than double their influence toward abolishing slavery, the American Party to double the number of native-born voters, and Democrats to give votes to labor. "	 Blackwell served as secretary of this organization during its three-year existence.	male
"Again on Wright's report, Lowin is supposed to have originated the role of Bosola in The Duchess of Malfi, and he was probably also the original Flaminius in Philip Massinger's Believe as You List. "	" Lowin was the author of a single literary work (as far as is known), a brief pamphlet titled Conclusions upon Dances that was first printed in 1607."	male
"It was first published in 1841 as the first volume of his Bells and Pomegranates series, in a low-priced two-column edition for sixpence, and next republished in his collected Poems of 1848, where it received much more critical attention. "	 The author described the work as the first of a series of dramatic pieces.	male
"In the ensuing months, he conceded parts of the allegations, telling Christianity Today that there had been only thirteen members of his coven, not 1,500 as originally claimed, and that of those thirteen, the whereabouts of five were unknown to him, while the other eight had since died. "	" Initially, Word Records stated that they would stand by their artist."	male
"In the late 1980s and early 1990s, he turned from programming and application books to imaging technology, writing some of the very first books devoted to scanners (The Complete Scanner Handbook, Dow-Jones Irwin, 1990) and digital Photography (Digital Photography, MIS Press, 1995.) "	" While working full-time as an author, Busch continued to write articles and monthly columns for magazines such HomePC, Macworld, Internet World, NetGuide, Windows Magazine, Windows Sources, and many other publications."	male
He is the recipient of many academic honours (see below). 	" Giddens, the author of over 34 books and 200 articles, essays and reviews, has contributed and written about most notable developments in the area of social sciences, with the exception of research design and methods."	male
There isn't any record of Mr. Hewes ever relinquishing his Quaker membership nor is there any evidence that he was disowned by any Friends Monthly Meeting. 	" At the beginning of the year 1776, Hewes was appointed as the new Secretary of the Naval Affairs Committee."	male
"He enjoyed the best goalscoring form of his career here, which earned him a move to English Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2009, where he made just ten appearances before returning to Austria. "	 Maierhofer was initially trained as a restaurant specialist/cook.	male
"She is a professor in the Division of Electrical, Electronic and Information Engineering, at Osaka University. "	 Miyaji was born in Osaka Prefecture and became interested in mathematics as an elementary school student after learning of the Epimenides paradox.	female
"She created costumes for La Traviata at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York (1998), at the Teatro de la Maestranza of Seville in Spain (1999) and later in Rome (2007) and Messina (Teatro Vittorio Emanuele, 2018), always directed by Zeffirelli. "	 Gaetani has been very active also as a costume designer for ballet.	female
"Depending on the local ordinances, these shots may involve some erotic part of the body of the shooter girl, typically her cleavage, in the delivery. "	" Dancers may also be required to generate a certain number of drink purchases per shift and as part of their rounds, the waitstaff may ask customers if they would like to buy a drink for the dancer seated with them."	female
"However, her earnings are not enough to grant her a livelihood, so she is forced to keep other professional activities concomitantly with football. "	" Antunes is a graduate in physical education and works as a teacher at the Universidade de Fafe in Fafe, Portugal."	female
Vos and her sister Elly were separated from their parents during this period (relating to her book Hide and Seek). 	 After the war Vos became a kindergarten teacher.	female
"Christie also dedicated her debut novel as Mary Westmacott, Giant's Bread (1930), to her mother who, by that time, had died. "	" It went on to describe the basic set-up of the plot and concluded: It is said to be the author's first book, and the result of a bet about the possibility of writing a detective story in which the reader would not be able to spot the criminal."	female
It centers on an inquisitive girl who is carefully molded by society to become an obedient bride. 	 This book was the result of ten years of researching the life of the photographer and political activist.	female
"Fatma Öcalan is the sister of Abdullah Öcalan and Dilek Öcalan, a former parliamentarian of the HDP, is his niece. "	" Öcalan is the author of more than 40 books, four of which were written in prison."	female
Her home town held a sponsored canoe event (canoeing from Pewsey to Bath where she was training) to help raise the money. 	" Rudman also spent some time as a supply teacher at Devizes School, a secondary school located in Devizes, Wiltshire."	female
"In it, students described her as a teacher who really communicates with the students and who, without any complaints . . . has stayed late, worked nights, and with quiet efficiency supported her staff in their monumental task. "	" After retiring from teaching, Cook became a novelist."	female
Canright was critical in the development of the JPL program and laid the foundations for other women to work in a field which was previously closed off to them. 	" Canright was an exceptionally smart student during high-school and took upper level classes, most notably in math and Chemistry."	female
"A Conservative federal government, led by Progressive Conservative Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, introduced Bill C-43, which would punish doctors with prison terms if they performed abortions for women whose health was not at risk. "	" It was not yet law, but within a week a 20-year-old university student bled to death in residence from a self-induced coat hanger abortion."	female
"Addressing this, the art historians Rose-Marie and Rainer Hagen suppose that the donor is imagining that she has entered into his house. "	" The attendant dressed in a festive outfit is by a later artist, perhaps it was added after the donor's marriage."	female
She joined a gang for protection; she also studied ballet and began working in the theater by the age of eleven. 	 Franceschi was cast as a dancer in the 1978 film Grease.	female
"She states that reading good writing can lead to creativity, so she picks up books if she is ever stuck so she can think of where she wants her books to go and how to get them to go in that direction. "	" Kirkus Reviews attributes the author with writing the novel in a lyrical manner while integrating historical events, however, it is relentlessly and explicitly brutal [that] it runs the risk of numbing, or perhaps exhausting, the reader."	female
"She is Professor Emerita of English at the University at Buffalo, where she taught from 1974 to 2000. "	" Kahane is the author of Passions of the Voice, a study of narrative and the strategies of hysteric discourse."	female
"In July 2007, Cameron promoted her to Shadow Secretary of State for Transport.[citation needed] Following the 2010 general election, the Conservatives, short of an overall majority, formed a coalition government with the Liberal Democrats. "	" This required positions in Cabinet to be awarded to Lib Dem MPs, so Villiers did not become Secretary of State for Transport as might have been expected in the event of a majority Conservative government taking office."	female
Initially the girl was panicky but she eventually calmed down when she realized that her situation was safe. 	" Flooding therapy is not for every individual, and the therapist will discuss with the patient the levels of anxiety they are prepared to endure during the session."	female
"As feminism began to take hold in the 1980s, it became common to hear that Many secretaries resent the 'office wife' syndrome, referring to being asked to do such things as paying personal bills for a boss, picking up everything from dry cleaning, or dusting the office. "	" I'm getting paid as a secretary, said one secretary."	female
"One example is that UHRC women's groups often hold group Annaprashan ceremonies (a ceremony wherein a child is first fed food other than milk), incorporating curriculums surrounding ante-natal child care. "	 UHRC also trains group members on reaching out to private and public healthcare providers such as Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs) and Anganwadi centers to run health camps in their communities.	female
"In 1668, plays by women began to be staged in London. "	" The performance ran for six nights, which was regarded as a good run for an unknown author."	female
"She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for her performance. "	" Lumley, who has one of the most recognised voices in the UK, has gained prominence as a voice-over artist."	female
"She has four grandchildren and continues to reside in Asheville, where she lives with her second husband Jim Aycock, former publisher of Black Mountain News. "	 Keever was a teacher for over 25 years.	female
"She first came to public attention with her poem The Factories, which treated the subject of child labor. "	" Schauffler was an author and cellist who published widely on poetry, travel, culture, and music."	female
While coverage in Le Temps said that she spoke clearly with a convincing vivacity and spoke with authority about her area of expertise. 	" Following graduation, Lavaud worked as a librarian at the Sorbonne."	female
She studied German studies at the University of Warsaw (1985–1988). 	 Kozryra received a Paszport Polityki award in 1997 as the most promising artist in Poland.	female
"Dharitri Terangpi (born 24 February 1996) better known as Babie and Nirdhar, is a woman Royal Enfield bullet biker from Guwahati, India. "	" Terangpi is a competitive motorcyclist, long distance rider and photographer."	female
"Mishol has lectured and taught creative writing at Ben Gurion University, Tel Aviv University, and the Hebrew University in Jerusalem where she also served as Poet-in-Residence (2007). "	 Mishol is the author of 16 volumes of poetry.	female
"She wrote it in 8 months and stuck it in a drawer until a friend persuaded her to submit to a writing contest, which she won. "	 Each case is an opportunity for the author to reveal another aspect of the seamy underside of society and another facet of Venetian life.	female
"The training includes the killing of enraged, chained-up paedophiles in Sister Cindy's cellar. "	" Before long, the pupil outsmarts the teacher."	female
"The all-women peer culture formed at women's colleges allowed students to create their own social rules and hierarchies, to become each other's leaders and heroes, and to idolize each other. "	" The practice of smashing involved one student showering another with gifts: notes, chocolates, sometimes even locks of hair."	female
"Cook and Dickerman made this their home and Eleanor had her own room, although she rarely spent the night. "	" Cook, an expert woodworker, made all furniture."	female
"In 1938, she was hired as the medical officer of the government school, and made her home on Luzio Street in Sliema. "	" Along with an ophthalmologist and a dentist, Condachi began the school medical service."	female
In 2008 she won the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award which is administered by the Swedish Arts Council. 	 The book contains many sex scenes and Hartnett was almost immediately outed as the author.	female
She was also appointed Dame of Grace of the Venerable Order of St John. 	 Outside politics Aberconway was a talented artist and horticulturalist.	female
She was Che Guevara's first wife. 	" Gadea Acosta was Secretary of the Economy of the Executive National Committee for Alianza Popular Revolucionaria Americana (APRA, American Popular Revolutionary Alliance)."	female
"In 2017, McHardy co-organised an event with Susan Deacy and Katerina Volioti for the Women's Classical Committee UK on 'Bullying and Harassment in UK Classics Departments: Finding Solutions'. "	" McHardy is the author of Revenge in Athenian Culture (Bloomsbury, 2008); and has co-edited the following four volumes:"	female
"Unfortunately Alichino has been put on an indefinite hiatus, due to the writer breaking her hand in 2001, leaving people to wonder if the series will be continued, and when. "	" It has since been confirmed in the third Alichino tankoubon that there will be a fourth and that it will probably be the last; however, as of 2005, the author was still writing the Japanese version."	female
"In Britain, historically many nurses expected to leave work after getting married and into the 1960s senior nursing posts were disproportionately likely to be held by unmarried women. "	" Nurse training also had a very high drop out rate, in part related to students leaving to get married (in addition to rejection by some of the strict discipline imposed on them)."	female
The night nurse is tied up and Hinton pretends to be her while the others go to the operating theatre. 	 The nurse arrives before any real damage is done.	female
"The popularity of the Harry Potter series has translated into substantial financial success for Rowling, her publishers, and other Harry Potter related license holders. "	 This success has made Rowling the first and thus far only billionaire author.	female
"In 1840, she was divorced from the Cologne bookseller Matthieux. "	 Kinkel was an author of considerable merit.	female
"That being said, in the Time Magazine cover story for April 9, 1973, the boycott was called, the most successful boycott by women since Lysistrata, and the public pressure pushed President Nixon to enforce price ceilings on beef, pork and lamb. "	" The leaders supported continued boycotts of meat, specifically by refusing to cook or eat meat on Tuesdays and Thursdays."	female
"Bradley was at that time approaching the end of her life; she died in 1999, the same year that the third book of this trilogy was published. "	 This Darkover chronology uses the time period designations first provided by the author as A Readers Guide to Darkover in The Heirs of Hammerfell (1989).	female
"In Schwikert's first year of competition for the UCLA Bruins gymnastics team, she won the NCAA National all-around title. "	" Schwikert was sidelined for most of the 2005–2006 season due to a shoulder injury requiring surgery, but remained a student at UCLA and a member of the team."	female
"Andrews was granted a leave of absence from her librarian's job in March 1911, and when she failed to return, Bertha Proctor was permanently appointed to take her place in May. "	" At that time, the librarian's salary was $35 per month."	female
She is assisted by her three day-shift orderlies and her assistant doctors and nurses. 	" McMurphy constantly antagonizes Nurse Ratched and upsets the routines of the ward, leading to endless power struggles between the inmate and the nurse."	female
"However, she eventually chose to emphasize in her activism the broader class issues, remarked that it was easier to deal with men and criticized Warsaw feminists for coloring their movement with feminism of half a century ago. "	 Wasilewska joined the PPS as a student.	female
"When she took a photography course, she became obsessed once more, and graduated with a photography major. "	 Sigismondi started a career as a fashion photographer.	female
We were two artist girls who didn't have our business together. 	" Jovovich further explained, I'm an artist."	female
"Akhras' father found employment with an Israeli construction firm and was able to build a three-story concrete house, where Akhras and her four brothers and six sisters were raised. "	 Akhras was a straight-A student and had hopes of attending college and becoming a news reporter.	female
"During the same year, Pausini released her first Spanish-language album, Laura Pausini, a compilation of ten adapted versions of hits from her previous albums, issued by Dro Records. "	 Pausini was the first non-Spanish artist to achieve this result.	female
The reception of Clara Viebig's work was interrupted during the Nazi era because of her marriage to a Jewish publisher. 	" Since the end of the 1980s, the author's works have experience a deserved renaissance - even in the Eifel region."	female
"Back in Brazil, she concentrated on the founding of the country's first large-scale Braille publishing press. "	 The educator also turned to the regulation of education for the blind.	female
"She attended Edinburgh Ladies’ College and Edinburgh Atelier, before moving to the Herkomer School of Painting in Bushey, Hertfordshire to study under Hubert von Herkomer, a well-known portrait painter. "	 Gulland was a freelance artist whose primary work was as a genre painter and mezzotint engraver.	female
"In great houses, scullery maids were the lowest-ranked and often the youngest of the female domestic servants and acted as assistant to a kitchen maid. "	 The scullery maid reported (through the kitchen maid) to the cook or chef.	female
"Like Lev Gumilev, she was a student of Mikhail Artamonov, although she discarded many of the former's theories as mere speculations. "	" Pletneva is the author of numerous books on Eurasian nomads, particularly the Khazars."	female
"As an adolescent, Tanno's responsibilities included caring for her baby sibling. "	" Tanno desired to enter school to become a teacher, but there was not enough money to do so."	female
Albers was inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame in 1994. 	" Albers was a designer who worked primarily in textiles and, late in life, with printmaking."	female
"After retiring from active competition, Cheryl married her wife Kalen Curtis on February 28, 2014. "	 Haworth is also an artist and has a sold a number of paintings for hundreds of dollars.	female
Her body was moved to Paris. 	 The local dancers began leaving their worn pointe shoes on the Montmartre grave as a tribute and thanks to the first pointe dancer.	female
DooLittle began her career as a peepshow girl in New York's Times Square in the 1980s. 	" DooLittle spent three years working on staff as a sex educator with the feminist sex toys store Babeland, holding the position of Education Coordinator and Lead Workshop Facilitator."	female
"Already in mid-December 1943, she resumed her duties as manager of the children's section of Żegota. "	" During the Warsaw Uprising, Sendler worked as a nurse in a field hospital, where a number of Jews were hidden among other patients."	female
Another important device 	" The pianist uses these techniques to establish the musical content as firmly in the mind as possible, replacing note-to-note technical concentration--and the attendant note-to-note musical attention--with accomplishment of the larger musical phrase."	female
"In 1982, the Animal series enabled Rheims' to train her lens on another form of nudity: that of stuffed animals with fixed stares, which seemed to want to express something beyond death. "	" With Modern Lovers (1989-1990) [note] the photographer questioned gender, androgyny and transsexuality."	female
"Materials included photos of a female target either showing a neutral expression, felt smile, false smile, or miserable smile. "	 Researchers found that the student pictured as smiling received less punishment than did the student who did not smile despite the fact that the smiling student was not seen as less guilty.	female
Soon after World War II she traveled abroad to Paris. 	 A 1960 solo exhibit in Zagreb was the first time an American artist had mounted such a show in Yugoslavia.	female
"However, Carey expressed in several interviews that due to the strenuous nature and the sheer difficulty of her songs, she feared a tour with back-to-back shows would not be possible, aside from the long travel times and constant travel. "	" During this time period in music, it was traditional for an artist to release a studio album every two years in their prime, allowing the singles to fully promote the album through airwaves, as well as television appearances."	female
"Others of her personal papers are part of the collection titled Papers of Anna Spicer Gladding and Miriam Van Waters, 1885–1992 (MC 426) housed at the Schlesinger Library at Harvard. "	" Gladding, hired in 1932 to teach in the nursery at Framingham, served as the organist and choir director for the prison, led study groups, coordinated visitor activities, and became the institution's librarian in 1957."	female
"Cherryh, set in her Alliance-Union universe, in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union, the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. "	" Chronologically, the book follows immediately after the author's Downbelow Station and is one of Cherryh's series of Merchanter novels."	female
"With the use of hidden cameras, she filmed chairs being smashed, pupils fighting in class, swearing at teachers by pupils and false accusations by pupils of her touching them. "	" The documentary showed children aged from 12 to 15 completely ignoring the supply teacher and other staff while they shout, scream, fight, swear, downloading porn and wandering around the classroom at will."	female
"Sheryl Munks (born 1965) is an Australian actress, best known for her role in television serials and made for television films. "	" A former dancer of classical ballet, jazz ballet and tap, as well as a dance instructor."	female
She wrote for the New York Evening Post until 1928 - the first woman to serve as music critic for a New York daily newspaper - and gave guest lectures throughout the 1930s. 	 Samaroff developed a course of music study for laymen and was the first music teacher to be broadcast on NBC television.	female
"She is also known for her long-running television exercise show, Morning Stretch. "	 Greggains is a former school and physical education teacher.	female
"Returning three days later, she had no memory of where she had been or what she had done and she was again physically punished. "	" Five years later, Beaubier's application to become a teacher of history and geography at the school was accepted."	female
"Charmed were three girls in their mid-twenties:Oddrun Valestrand, Lise Monica Nygård, and Hanne Kristine Haugsand. "	 Valestrand is a dancer and an all-round performer.	female
"The women now pursued their educational project with smaller groups, using suitably sized rooms in the homes of the more relatively well-to-to backers. "	" After further wrangling, they managed to find and recruit a qualified teacher with the necessary teaching permit and in 1856 opened a proper school, centrally located in Hamburg, which at the outset welcomed sixty pupils."	female
"Between 1998 and 2003, she taught the Social Psychology of Prejudice at the Human Rights Department at the Central European University. "	" Göncz was appointed Political State Secretary of the Ministry for Health, Social and Family Affairs responsible for civil co-ordination in 2002."	female
"As a practicing landscape architect, McSherry is known for connecting her designs to specific places and for work in watersheds. "	 McSherry is also recognized as a teacher.	female
"She had 11 pupils, which included her five younger brothers. "	 The first school year was brought to an end when a heavy rainstorm flooded the building and sent the teacher and pupils fleeing to higher ground.	female
"For this book she won the Nienke van Hichtum-prijs, the Woutertje Pieterse Prijs and the Gouden Griffel. "	 Schaap is the first author to win the Woutertje Pieterse Prijs with a debut novel.	female
"Between 2007-2010, Drexler worked on a series in which the imagery became more abstract, leading her to her current body of abstraction. "	" These are rare works, which show an artist struggling with and for the spirit.”"	female
"As soon as the second hospital plane landed, the flight nurse aboard received her orders. "	" The plane was loaded and usually departed in approximately 45 minutes, the flight nurse being responsible for all patients aboard."	female
"She has spent her political career representing her home state of Minas Gerais, having served in the chamber of deputies from 2015 to 2019. "	 Prior to becoming a politician Muniz worked as a medic and teacher.	female
"Three weeks before her death, Slaughterback donated her famous rattlesnake skin dress to the Greeley Municipal Museum; Ernie donated more of her possessions after her death, including her Remington rifle. "	 Slaughterback was a nurse during World War II and served in the Pacific Theater.	female
She received a Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for her performance in the film Brink of Life (1958). 	 Dahlbeck retired from acting in 1970 and became an author.	female
The evidence is never considered as the doctor's nurse interrupts the conversation to tell her employer that she must visit her sick father. 	" The nurse drives through a rainy night, meeting a military tank on the road that is apparently hunting foxes."	female
"Through her work, she analyses disability, gender and brings thoughtful reflection on identity politics. "	" Ghai who is the author of (Dis)embodied Form, writes about the gendered politics of disability and its impact on feminist theory."	female
"A New York Sun editorial on May 20, 2003, questioned Weingarten's focus on this issue and challenged her argument that class size is a critical factor in learning, noting that America has been reducing class sizes steadily for the last half century, with little to show in results. "	" Weingarten has been a staunch supporter of the LIFO policy (last in, first out), otherwise known as teacher seniority."	female
"The eventual winner, Enguun Tseyendash, was selected from her team, Team Uka. "	 Uka is considered to be one of the most innovative modern artist in Mongolia.	female
"By personalizing her online activity, creating an experience, engaging, and providing exclusivity to her fans through social media marketing, Lady Gaga was able to achieve incredible levels of success with her music career. "	" (The less developed the artist and more experienced the manager, the higher the commission.)"	female
She is of part-Italian descent. 	" Cook first appeared in a public service announcement for foster care at seven years of age, and began working as a child print model at the age of 10, most notably in nationwide advertisements for Target and appearing on the boxes of Milk-Bone dog biscuits."	female
"She had her first pieces of journalism published in The Review, the official student newspaper of St. "	 Ivins later became co-editor of the arts and culture section of the student paper.	female
"Well constructed, full of intriguing ideas, never short of insight, her stories and novellas are always a bit too preposterous, stiff and uninspired, showing little knowledge of real life. "	" Serving as embodiments of ideas and concepts, they are genuinely crafted marionettes put into action by the author's hand, not by their own inner motives."	female
"Two songs on the album were recorded in the Mandarin Chinese language, which she learned while living in China. "	" Also in 2008, Washburn was a teacher of American folk music in Sichuan University for six weeks, where they promptly told me that I wasn't teaching folk music correctly, because, surely there would be a correct way to do hand gestures for every song."	female
"She is a professor of psychology at Florida Atlantic University, where she directs the Language Development Laboratory. "	 Hoff is the author of a popular textbook Language Development.	female
The invocation (vandana) consists of the dancer coming to stage and offering respect to his or her guru and the musicians on the stage. 	" If the team is from the Hindu tradition, the dancer(s) combine facial expressions and hand gestures (mudra) to invoke Hindu gods and goddesses; while a Muslim performance replace the devotional expressions with a salami (salutation)."	female
The wife would also need to maintain certain household style that indicated a wealthier lifestyle. 	" There are assumptions such as that every house would have, at least, a housekeeper and multiple children."	female
"I am so afr(aid) that S.I. (governess Sofia Ivanovna Tyutcheva) can speak ... about our friend something bad, Anastasia's twelve-year-old sister Tatiana wrote to their mother on 8 March 1910. "	 I hope our nurse will be nice to our friend now.	female
"Both concerts were commercial success, selling out on both tour dates, and made her one of few top-drawer Japanese artists to hold a concert at the Tokyo Dome. "	" With sales from both the concert and album, Hamasaki was recognized as the top selling artist of 2001 with over 24 billion yen."	female
"While it must be admitted that the secret, when disclosed, smacks rather of The Thousand and One Nights than of modern international rivalry for scientific talents, it may surely be excused on the ground that it provides Mrs Christie with a story-tellers holiday from the rigours of detective fiction. "	" Readers may regret the absence of the tonic logicalities of crime's unravelling – though clues are not altogether missing – for the secret service story belongs largely to Adventure, but in their place is the author's obvious pleasure in the wider horizons of the more romantic genre."	female
"Meanwhile, she had left the Democratic Party, after having criticized Matteo Renzi's policies and joined Giuseppe Civati's Possible. "	" After Civati's resignation, Brignone was elected the new Secretary of Possible."	female
	" Unbelievable voice, great dancer and so very beautiful."	female
The students in the program were admitted as a group when Chicago and Schapiro were hired at Cal Arts after Chicago found that the Fresno State College Art department was reluctant to embrace her vision of a new kind of female centered art. 	 It was their intention to teach without the use of authoritarian rules or a unilateral flow of power from teacher to student.	female
"She has also translated verses from Latvian into the Estonian language, and has also written new Estonian translations for the plays Among the Angels by Leonid Zhuhovitsky, The Cherry Orchard by Anton Chekhov, and Years of Wandering by Aleksei Arbuzov. "	 Härm has also earned recognition as a nature photographer.	female
"In 2013, she was a member of the jury at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival. "	 Neshat was artist in residence at the Wexner Center for the Arts (2000) and at MASS MoCA (2001).	female
A publication called the California Employment Law Letter described the case as follows: The dancer based her suit on the fact that she was an employee of the nightclub rather than an independent contractor. 	" The appellate court, however, after applying a 10-factor test, upheld the jury's verdict in favor of the nightclub and its owners and found that the evidence weighed in favor of classifying the dancer as an independent contractor rather than an employee."	female
"In late August 2018, during the Chemnitz protests following the murder of a football supporter, the far-right group calling themselves Pro-Chemnitz organized by Pegida and Alternative for Germany carried banners with pictures of murder victims, among which was the photo of Lösche which led to her family initiating legal action against those who used her picture to further an anti-immigration agenda. "	 Lösche was a student at the University of Bamberg in Bavaria.	female
She is Playboy's Playmate for October 1994. 	" Zdrok is also a non-practicing attorney, a clinical psychologist and sex therapist."	female
"Cook was declared legally blind in the second grade because of severe astigmatism, but wore contacts and thick glasses to correct her vision. "	" A dancer from age four, Cook began taking jazz, tap and ballet lessons."	female
"In January 2008, she authored Not My Child; Contemporary Paganism & New Spirituality. "	 The book discusses the author's view that casual occultism permeates youth culture and suggests tips for parents as well as classroom lessons.	female
She was department chair from 2015 to 2018. 	" Rivière is the author of the book Discontinuous Galerkin methods for solving elliptic and parabolic equations: theory and implementation (SIAM, 2008)."	female
"In June 2018 Korvasová won the Czech National Time Trial Championships, and the following month she won another gold medal in the time trial at the World University Cycling Championships. "	" Korvasová is a student at Masaryk University, specialising in Political Science and European Studies."	female
"Due to her father's wide recognition in the music industry, legend artist Mohammed Abdel Wahab gave Angham the copyright of his track Basbosa (Cute Girl) to remake it in her new debut record. "	 Angham was the first artist from the 1980s to be given a song from a legend artist.	female
"In Autumn 2016, Anohni presented My Truth, the largest exhibition of her work to date, across seven rooms at the Kunsthalle Bielefeld in Germany. "	" Anohni was artist-in-residence at European Capital of Culture, Aarhus 2017."	female
"She came 19th in the Eurovision contest.[citation needed] A fourth internal selection followed in 2014, with Molly Smitten-Downes, under her artist name of Molly, being chosen to represent the UK with the song Children of the Universe, written and composed by Smitten-Downes herself. "	" However, Smitten-Downes was an unknown artist who was chosen through the BBC Introducing scheme."	female
"In 1993, she earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative writing from Brown University "	" The literary journal Granta asked booksellers, librarians, and literary critics to nominate who they believed to be the country's best young author."	female
"I wrote about a wet nurse because I'm fascinated with the idea that no matter how 'civilized' we've become, we still need this very primal function; also, wet nursing was the more honorable way for a woman to make a living from her body. "	 Its protagonist is a wet nurse whose breasts provide an unending supply of milk.	female
She received the MacMillan and Brissenden for creative writing; the Canada Council award; the Vancouver Mayor's Arts Award for Literary Arts; and the Order of Canada for her contributions to Canadian literature. 	" Marlatt is currently a student of the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism, and currently lives in Vancouver, B.C."	female
"While inebriated, she made vicious remarks about the other women, and instigated a major confrontation with Kyle Richards and Faye Resnick. "	 DuBois is the author of four books dealing with mediumship.	female
Levavasseur then announced she was withdrawing from the list for the party after facing a barrage of sexist and violent harassment. 	 Levavasseur is a trained but currently unemployed nurse's aide.	female
"Ibuki's own Tekken swap costume is in the style of Yoshimitsu, with her latest assignment having her join his Manji Clan. "	" The head student at Ibuki's ninja village was supposed to be a new player character in the rejected concept of Street Fighter IV Flashback by Backbone Entertainment, which would also have feature a cameo of a much younger version of Ibuki."	female
"She is most famous for her invention of the Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), which is fundamental to the operation of network bridges, while working for Digital Equipment Corporation. "	 Perlman is the author of a textbook on networking and coauthor of another on network security.	female
It is no longer her job to pass on information to the students - a body of knowledge to be learned and assimilated. 	 The teacher’s role is mainly that of a facilitator.	female
"After the release of her Kiesha'ra Series, Atwater-Rhodes revealed that the first four novels she wrote, In the Forests of the Night, Demon in My View, Shattered Mirror and Midnight Predator, were part of the Den of Shadows series. "	" The book is set in and around the author's home town of Concord, Massachusetts and in the realm of Nyeusigrube."	female
"By 1889, she was the secretary of the Central National Society for Women's Suffrage, but this position was given up for an even more congenial one, that of organising secretary, under Lady Henry Somerset, of the British Women's Temperance Association. "	 Balgarnie was the author of A plea for the appointment of police matrons at police stations (1894).	female
"A Teach First recruit has said the experience left her feeling expendable, saying the Teach First leadership were more focussed on expansion rather than the experience of recruits in a survival of the fittest atmosphere. "	" Teach First had a 92% retention rate of recruits in 2012, with the recruit earning a good teacher label by observers."	female
"In 1995 she wrote and illustrated a monograph, Old Marks, New Marks, with an essay by Carolyn Radlo, linking her practice to ancient mark making. "	" This inspired a series of paintings and an artist's book, Scratching the Surface: a visit to Lascaux and Rouffignac, which prompted an invitation to revisit Lascaux."	female
Her works have been praised by Anne Jordan and Chris Searle for her literary value and political engagement. 	" Shinebourne is the author of novels, short stories, and essays."	female
"Ibbotson had said she disliked financial greed and a lust for power, and often created antagonists in her books who have these characteristics. "	" These books, set primarily in the Austrian countryside, display the author's love of nature."	female
"In August 2019, she was elected secretary-treasurer of the SAG-AFTRA union. "	" Manheim was elected to the secretary-treasurer position with 16,047 votes."	female
"Schmidle was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, She lived in Newtown, Connecticut with her husband and family and was involved with the Newtown Parent Teacher Association. "	 Schmidle served as the president of the Connecticut State Parent Teacher Association.	female
"In 2018, Hanna started Tees 4 Togo, a project which sells t-shirts with drawings of Hanna's friends such as Kim Gordon, Patton Oswalt, Joan Jett, and Chuck D, along with artists such as Sarah Larnach, Adee Roberson, and Hannah Lucy. 100% of the proceeds go to the non-profit Peace Sisters, which helps fund local girls' school tuition costs in Dapaong, Togo. "	 The cost of one $40 shirt funds an entire school year for a student.	female
"In late 1947, he married Olga Naumova (1901–1978), Natalie's niece. "	 Naumova had lived with the couple and acted as their secretary for 18 years.	female
"Several reviewers have argued that her understanding of the scientific method is questionable, and that her explorations of epistemology at times leave her texts virtually meaning-free. "	" This is a book that contradicts itself a hundred times; but that is not a criticism of it, because its author thinks contradictions are a sign of intellectual ferment and vitality."	female
"The Supervisor begins to develop self awareness through it, identifying itself as a female personality and taking on a humanoid female form, becoming a gynoid. "	" The Supervisor takes control of Electrocorp's facilities and infects the other droids of the plant, raising them to break routine and initiate a mutiny."	female
"At age six, she appeared in her first commercial for Mama Celeste Pizza. "	" Patts attended Pasadena Alternative School and, while a student, was appointed to a student trustee's position on the Pasadena Board of Education."	female
"The 11th century Vishnu temple at Trikodithanam, and the Kidangur Subramanya temple, have several sculptures of female dancers in Mohiniyattam pose. "	" The 16th century Vyavaharamala by Nambootiri contains the first known mention of the term Mohiniyattam, in the context of a payment to be made to a Mohiniyattam dancer."	female
"Gough lives and trains in Calgary, where she attended high school with other top athletes, at the National Sport School. "	" Currently, Gough is an engineering student at the University of Calgary."	female
"She marketed the book among family and friends and sent a copy to her publisher who made numerous cuts in both text and illustrations for the trade edition, chiefly among the tale's many nursery rhymes. "	 Both were published in deluxe editions bound in a flowered chintz of scattered pansies the author selected.	female
Hoshino's illustration involving Allen often have threads related covered with threads as she aims to show the fact that he is not only related to the fact that he is always associated with God as well as the fact that he is bound to exorcise Akumas. 	" During production of the first anime adaptation, the author often visited the TMS Entertainment studio, where the voice actors requested advice about their characters."	female
"You cannot label it, and I think that’s what she loved. "	" After seeing everything come together during the opening night dress rehearsal, costume designer Rousteing was moved to tears."	female
"In the early years, Emmanuel was a day college preparing women for professional fields such as education, nursing and social work. "	" Despite being commuters, students were involved in numerous co-curricular activities including student publications and athletics."	female
President Jimmy Carter appointed her to be the first United States Secretary of Education in 1979. 	" As the first Secretary of Education, Hufstedler's agenda has been depicted as being focused on strengthening state and federal interrelationships, as well as educational equity."	female
"Splendiano asks the merchant to replace the dancer with Djamileh, while being certain that she will soon be his. "	" Veiled, Djamileh enters in the dancer’s costume and, shy and nervous, makes to leave."	female
"In December she was invited to Garsington Manor, the home of Russell's then mistress Ottoline Morell, and there encountered Clive Bell and other Bloomsbury Group members, and in 1917 she introduced Russell to Dora Black who would later become his second wife. "	" From 1917 Wrinch was funded by Girton College as a research student, officially supervised by G.H."	female
"After she was hired by the court, she continued to perform with the family ensemble until Settimia's marriage and resulting move to Mantua caused its breakup. "	" Caccini served the Medici court as a teacher, chamber singer, rehearsal coach and composer of both chamber and stage music until early 1627."	female
"From 2000 to 2003, she served as mayor of Stratford, Ontario. "	 Haslam was a teacher and librarian before entering public life.	female
"Author and critic Robert Greskovic describes a common understanding of her gifts, Nowhere near the beauty and exemplar of her art that Pavlova and Spessivtseva were, Bronislava Nijinska (1891–1972) instead began to make her mark as a choreographer. "	 Nonetheless Nijinska must have truly excelled as a dancer.	female
"Hinton received the inaugural 1988 Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American YA librarians, citing her first four YA novels, which had been published from 1967 to 1979 and adapted as films from 1982 to 1985. "	" The annual award recognizes one author of books published in the U.S., and specified works taken to heart by young adults over a period of years, providing an 'authentic voice that continues to illuminate their experiences and emotions, giving insight into their lives'."	female
"Halpin was promoted to second mate of Salem, a wool clipper on the Australia run, before he transferred over from sail to steam ships. "	 Halpin believed steam was the future of shipping and became first officer in Khersonese.	male
"Firemen were in practice often engineers-in-training, learning the skills of train operation and assisting the engineer with the observation of signals and other routine aspects of his job performance, waiting for a job opportunity for promotion. "	" It was the conductor, not the locomotive engineer, who was most comparable to the captain of a ship."	male
"The Penguin underwent change for the series; his appearance was remodeled after the version seen in Batman Returns, which was in production simultaneously with the series' first season. "	" Freeze, who was changed from a gimmicky mad scientist to a tragic figure whose frigid exterior [hid] a doomed love and vindictive fury."	male
Lie joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after receiving his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. 	 Lie was editor-in-chief for Det 20de Aarhundre ('The 20th Century') from 1919 to 1921.	male
"On 10 March, in worsening weather and with his own supplies dwindling, Cherry-Garrard turned for home. "	" Atkinson would later write, I am satisfied that no other officer of the expedition could have done better."	male
And with the composer Franz Gleißner he started a publishing firm in 1796 using lithography. 	 Senefelder was appointed 1809 to be the Inspector of a new Institution set up for this purpose in Bavaria called the Lithographic Institute (Lithographische Anstalt) in Munich.	male
"Anu is depressed that Balu sacrificed himself to save her, searches for him and loses hope. "	 Balu is saved by a truck driver and admitted to a hospital.	male
He started writing in the 1960s. 	 Radhakrishnan was the administrative manager and general manager of DC Books and Current Books from 1979 to 2002.	male
"He, along with his team, discovered natural antisense RNA. "	" Inouye was also a key scientist involved in the discovery and characterization of retrons, which are retroviral-like elements found in various bacterial genomes."	male
He named Gutfeld his successor. 	 Zinczenko became editor-in-chief in 2000.	male
"Then D. D. Ivanenko studied at Kharkiv University, from which in 1923 he was transferred to Petrograd University. "	" After graduating the university, from 1927 to 1930 D. Ivanenko was a scholarship student and then a research scientist at the Physical Mathematical Institute of Academy of Sciences of USSR."	male
"In football, as a senior, he was a Football News All-Independent first team selection, and registered 74 knockdown blocks. "	" Thrust into a starting role immediately upon being drafted, Petitgout played left guard and right tackle before settling as the Giants' left tackle in 2002."	male
"Over a 15-year period beginning in the mid-1980s, he served as communications director for Amnesty International USA, Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Children's Defense Fund. "	 Fulwood was chief media strategist for Human Rights Now!	male
"Sensing that it was unsafe for him to remain in Germany he emigrated to the United States in 1936, where he became professor at the University of California, Berkeley. "	 Goldschmidt was the first scientist to use the term hopeful monster.	male
"The league was led by Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg, and by Lekë Dukagjini following his death. "	 They voted Skanderbeg as their suzerain chief.	male
"From 1961 until his retirement in 1989, Truesdell was professor of rational mechanics at Johns Hopkins University. "	" Truesdell was the founder and editor-in-chief of the journals Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis and Archive for History of Exact Sciences, which were unusual in several ways."	male
"While Bandem is well known for his creative directing in monumental works in Balinese performing arts, he also masters the Gagaku and Bugaku, the classical Japanese music and dance that he learned from his teacher Matsaro Togi, a national treasure of classical Japanese dance. "	" Furthermore, Bandem is also a culture engineer."	male
While working at Borgward Focke set up a wind tunnel in a disused hangar in central Bremen; this wind tunnel was rediscovered in 1997 and is today the centerpiece of a museum devoted to him. 	" After Borgward collapsed in 1961, Focke became a consulting engineer with Vereinigte Flugtechnische Werke of Bremen and Deutsche Forschungsanstalt für Luft-und Raumfahrt."	male
"In the 1976 film The Last Hard Men, actor Charlton Heston portrayed Captain Sam Burgade, a retired Captain of the Arizona Rangers who pursues the ruthless outlaw who has escaped from prison and kidnapped Burgade's daughter for revenge. "	 Burgade had been the arresting officer for the crime that sent the outlaw to prison.	male
"The Romantic revival, seeing in him a victim of its special bête noire Boileau, and attracted by his splendid diction, rich metrical faculty, and combination of classical and medieval peculiarities, adopted his name as a kind of battle-cry, and for the moment exaggerated his merits somewhat. "	 Ronsard was the acknowledged chief of the Pléiade and its most voluminous poet.	male
"In Rather's narration about one of the memos, he referred to pressure being applied on Bush's behalf by General Buck Staudt, and described Staudt as the man in charge of the Texas National Guard. "	 Staudt had retired from the guard a year and a half prior to the dates of the memos.	male
"Secrist, son of J.S. "	" Secrist, volunteered as the construction manager with all other laborers volunteering their time as well."	male
He also served as first president of the Calgary Medical Society. 	 Lafferty retired from the practice of medicine in 1909 but served as a hospital inspector from 1909 until 1918 (or possibly later).	male
"In mid April 1908, he was promoted to General of the Artillery; he was also appointed commander-in-chief of the Kiev Military District later in early December. "	" At the beginning of the First World War, Ivanov was appointed commander-in-chief of the Southwestern Front."	male
"Guggenheim Foundation selected Frank Gehry as the architect, and its director, Thomas Krens, encouraged him to design something daring and innovative. "	 The curves on the exterior of the building were intended to appear random; the architect said that the randomness of the curves are designed to catch the light.	male
"In Western Australia, in the Marsh v Baxter case, a GM canola farmer was sued by his organic neighbour because GM canola contamination led to the loss of organic certification. "	" Although the facts of the case and the losses to the organic farmer were agreed between the parties, the judge did not find the GM farmer liable for the losses."	male
"Valuable time was lost when the train manager refused to stop the train until he had investigated the problem himself, saying this was company policy. "	" This decision was upheld in court, absolving the train manager of all charges."	male
"He worked on sessions for Fleetwood Mac, T.Rex, Yes, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Petula Clark, Jerry Lee Lewis and Osibisa. "	" Rushent progressed to senior assistant engineer, staff engineer, and eventually head engineer."	male
"Still suspicious, Koenig quizzes him on Earth history to confirm his identity as a human being. "	" The scientist gives all the correct answers, down to the winner of the 1998 World Series."	male
"In 1403, he was ordered to write a compilation of every subject and every known book of the Chinese. "	" Xie was appointed chief compiler of this encyclopedia, later named the Yongle Encyclopedia, and completed it by 1408."	male
Krohg's style made him a leading figure in the transition from romanticism to naturalism. 	" Krohg was the founding and editor-in-chief of the Kristiania Bohemian journal, Impressionisten from 1886 until 1890."	male
"His original plan for the gameplay and combat was to combine mechanics from simulation and adventure games, breaking away from RPG trends. "	" Due to these creative differences, Kikuta resigned as Sacnoth's CEO following the release of Koudelka in 1999, going on the found the music label Norstrilia."	male
"According to the Law of Uppland, the hundreds of Uppland provided as many as four ships each (four ships, each with 24 crewmen and a steersman, each equals 100 men), those of Västmanland two ships and those of Roslagen one ship (the name indicate that this was seen as just one ship's crew but they were not part of a hundred and might have had the same rights/function of whole hundred only fewer people). "	" Later 12th-13th century changes to this law code list more extensive equipment for the more affluent freemen, with helmet, mail hauberk, shield, spear and sword being what the well-to-do farmer or burgher must bring to war."	male
"A few days later, the child is kidnapped by Gort and Hiller is also captured: both are taken to a derelict house where he encounters Salto (Hope). "	 It transpires that Hiller is a computer programmer who Salto had bribed to obtain details of the security system at a bank near Heathrow Airport.	male
"He sees the only possible resolution of the paradox as lying in the embrace of quantum logic, which he believes is not inconsistent. "	 This from a physicist's point of view is the meaning of the empirical nature of these laws.	male
"His loyal service earned him the governorships of Izu Province, Kozuke and a number of others in turn, as well as a number of other high government positions. "	" Yorimitsu served as commander of a regiment of the Imperial Guard, and as a secretary in the Ministry of War."	male
"Under section 50(1) of the Police Force Ordinance, a police officer can apprehend (i.e. arrest) a person if he reasonably suspects the person being arrested is guilty of an offence. "	 Whether there is such a reasonable suspicion in a particular case is to be determined objectively by reference to facts and information which the arresting officer has at the time of the arrest.	male
"He obtained leave of absence in 1898 to inquire into methods of teaching electrical subjects in Europe, but on his return resigned his chair as from 31 December 1898, as circumstances had made it necessary that he should live in England. "	" Threlfall now became a consulting engineer and established a high reputation as an electro-chemist, combining chemical insight with the aptitude of an engineer."	male
Vovos (Greek: Αρμόδιος Άρης Βωβός; born 21 October 1964) is a Greek businessman. 	 Vovos is a rally driver and was president of Maroussi Basketball Club.	male
After Antoine Arnauld's death in 1694 Quesnel was generally regarded as the leader of the Jansenist party; and his Réflexions morales sur le Nouveau Testament played almost as large a part in its literature as Jansen's Augustinus itself. 	" As its title betokens, Quesnel's book was a devotional commentary on the New Testament, wherein Quesnel managed to explain the aims and ideals of the Jansenist party better than any earlier writer had done; and it accordingly became the chief object of Jesuit attack."	male
"During one rally in the United Kingdom, he needed a spare part and happened to find a brand new Saab 96 on a parking lot. "	 The co-driver managed to defuse the situation by explaining that Carlsson was a factory driver for Saab and the owner would be given a new car.	male
"From 1926 to 1930, he was the Minister of Labour, and became known as Peter the Peacemaker for settling 160 labour disputes in his first three years. "	 Heenan still found time to work as a locomotive engineer when the House was not in session.	male
"In addition to his artistic work with the Mariinsky, Gergiev has worked in fundraising for such projects as the recently built 1100-seat Mariinsky Hall, and intends to renovate the Mariinsky Theatre completely by 2010. "	" From 1995 to 2008, Gergiev was principal conductor of the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra."	male
"The priest is spirited to the past by Pazuzu to observe Merrin exorcising a young boy, Kokumo, in Africa. "	 Kokumo has become a scientist studying how to prevent locust swarms.	male
"After four years competing in the major single-seater categories in Europe (2001–2005), and having proved himself driving for the low budget team Interwetten.com in World Series by Renault during its 2005 season, Rees was awarded a test in the renowned Italian dream Draco Racing in the winter of that same year. "	" The test opened new doors for the Brazilian driver, and 2006 was a promising year."	male
Air Marshal Ahmed Shafik received the highest medals and merits during his service. 	" As a young officer, Shafik served as a Mig-19 and Mig-21 fighter pilot and was later appointed as fighter air squadron commander."	male
"In fact, Alfredo Griffin of the Toronto Blue Jays scored the winning run in a game, yet his consecutive game streak ended as he appeared only as a pinch runner. "	 The pinch runner may remain in the game or be substituted for at the manager's discretion.	male
In July 2007 he successfully completed the final part of the UEFA Pro Licence course and joined a group of only 111 coaches holding the game's top qualification. 	" Later in the 2004–05 season, Onuora became a coach and youth development officer at Swindon Town."	male
"The conductor arrives (speaking Italian but with an affected German accent), proving theatrically critical of the ensuing performance quality and equally quarrelsome with trade union representatives on site, wearing down the orchestra members as he commands them to play with exceedingly particular nuances bordering on absurd abstraction, leading several musicians to strip away clothing under the strain of this taxing effort. "	" Protesting the conductor's authoritarian abuses, the union reps intervene, spitefully announcing that all musicians will be taking a 20-minute double break."	male
"According to his Stasi documents, his friendship with the painter Kurt W. "	" From 1980, Geißler worked as a freelance composer and conductor."	male
"Before his death, he was the partner of Dennis Rakestraw. "	 Dunlow has been an officer for over twenty years.	male
"In 1993, ICI Pharmaceuticals demerged to become Zeneca, and in 1994 he was appointed chief executive officer of the new company. "	 McKillop became chief executive officer (CEO) of the merged company.	male
He is portrayed in the live dramas by Tori Matsuzaka. 	" Heiji Hattori was inspired by the fictional Inspector Hattori, from Shunsaku Kudo stories."	male
"After winning the Serie A Footballer of the Year Award later that month, Buffon hinted that he could possibly play for Italy again, stating: I took a break from the national team. "	" With the way I am though, both for Juventus and for the national team I have always considered myself a soldier, so I could never desert a possible call in the future if needed."	male
A cunning forest officer denies that the tiger entered his range and sketches a plan to capture it and sell it to buyers. 	" The reason why the forest officer planned to capture Thumbaa is because it does not have the tracker, whereas all other tigers in the forest are being monitored."	male
"By 1950, he was in charge of the Sierra Leone Organization Society. "	" After heading the departments of Health, Agriculture, and Forestry, Margai was elected chief minister in 1954."	male
"Popp was educated at Friedrich-Alexander-University (FAU), Nuremberg, where he studied electrical engineering from 1975 to 1981 and obtained a graduate Diploma. "	 From 1985 to 1990 was Popp development engineer for digital circuits on board-level.	male
McCallister was Tris Speaker's primary assistant during his years as player-manager (1919–1926). 	 McCallister became manager after Speaker's sudden resignation in late 1926.	male
"In response to the captain's inquiries, the first officer replied that he did not see the runway. "	 The landing gear was raised and the first officer announced that the flight was executing a missed approach.	male
"Five years later, he was dismissed from the State Department after Joseph McCarthy accused him of being a Communist. "	 The former Foreign Service officer challenged the dismissal in court.	male
He is a former chairman of the Hong Kong branch of Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. 	" After holding the post, Leung became an honorary advisor for the local governments of Shenzhen, Tianjian and Shanghai on land reform."	male
"Governor King recommended he take the office permanently despite his inebriate habits, for no other person in the colony was at all equal to that office and the salary, then about (Pounds)350 with the benefit of several assigned servants and land grants, was insufficient inducement. "	 Atkins remained the colony's principal legal officer for years.	male
"Trapp created the Oklahoma Forestry Commission, the Oklahoma Conservation Commission, and the Oklahoma Fish and Game Commission out of his desire to preserve the environment. "	 Trapp also proved to be an effective law enforcement officer.	male
"He was born in Rimouski, Quebec, the son of Francois Parent and Adelaide Tremblay, and came to Manitoba with his family in 1876 by way of Woonsocket, Rhode Island. "	" Parent was a farmer, grain dealer and financial agent."	male
While there he became a friend of the great Italian poet Torquato Tasso. 	 Guidobaldo then served as a soldier in the ensuing conflict in Hungary between the Habsburg Empire and the Ottoman Empire.	male
"At the end of the 2015–16 season, Barrowman confirmed his retirement from football. "	" After retiring at the end of the 2015–16 season, Barrowman became Scottish brand manager for sportswear firm Joma at the beginning of 2017."	male
"In 1999, he was awarded the Order of the Palmetto by then-Governor Jim Hodges. "	" Gustafson continued to conduct occasional programs at BJU until 2010, as well as remaining active as a conductor of high school all-state choirs and orchestras and conducting church choir clinics."	male
Twice during his time at this school Constantin won a prize as the best mathematics student in Belgium. 	 At this stage Carathéodory began training as a military engineer.	male
"Santamaría began representing Spain in 1958, his debut coming on 15 October against Northern Ireland (6–2 friendly win in Madrid). "	" After working with the youth sides and spending two years with the under-21s, Santamaría was appointed manager of the full team for the 1982 World Cup, due to be played on home soil."	male
Samoset learned some English from fishermen who came to fish off Monhegan Island and he knew most ship captains by name. 	" The Abenaki language is an Algonquian language related to the Massachusett language of the Nauset and Wampanoag people of the area around Plymouth Colony, and Samoset was visiting Wampanoag chief Massasoit at the time of the historic event."	male
"Simonson told the president in his 2006 resignation letter that he had accomplished what he had set out to do, and it was time to pursue other opportunities. "	 Simonson served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to bioterrorism and other public health emergencies.	male
"During his career, he was a three-time MLB All-Star. "	" After retiring as a player, Kruk became a baseball analyst for ESPN."	male
"Schwartz started his career in 1987 at McKinsey & Company in New York City, focused on serving consumer products and financial services companies.[citation needed] In 1989, Schwartz left McKinsey and moved to Chevy Chase, Maryland, where he was a co-founder of Lighthouse Design, a company focused on building software for NeXT Computer, Inc. "	" Eventually, Schwartz became chief executive officer of Lighthouse."	male
"In July 2000, McCall accepted his first coaching role, when he was appointed assistant manager to Chris Hutchings at Bradford City, after Hutchings was promoted from the role to replace Paul Jewell as City manager. "	" Just four months later, Hutchings was sacked, and McCall was appointed as caretaker-player manager."	male
"On 19 December 1999, Llewelyn was driving alone to a book signing event when his Renault Mégane was involved in a head-on collision with a Fiat Bravo driven by a 35-year-old man on the A27 near the village of Berwick, East Sussex. "	 The other driver was seriously injured.	male
He took the stage name Robert T. Odeman when he began his career as an actor and musician. 	" After training to become a carpenter, Odeman studied classical piano, successfully performing throughout Europe for several years as a pianist."	male
"The final series of Superteams was duly won by 'Watersports' (a team representing swimming, water-skiing and diving) which was led by Olympic swimmer Robin Brew who excelled at running events and also in the gym tests, where the bar jump became his speciality. "	" The RAF officer then completed a successful first year in Superstars by becoming the last ever International champion, this time much more comfortably."	male
His neighbours question his authority and do not seem to think much of the Jesus they remember or his family. 	" Isn't this the carpenter (τέκτoν, tektōn)?"	male
"Moreau studied this product according to his travels between 1837 and 1840 in Egypt and Syria, and Asia Minor. "	 This book was the first written by a scientist about a drug.	male
He won his sole Railway Cup medal in 2005 as Munster defeated Leinster by 1-21 to 2-14 in Boston. 	 Mulcahy was appointed manager of the Cork Institute of Technology senior hurling team in 2011.	male
"There he handled a large number of corporate finance deals, including the bidding for UMTS licenses in Europe for Telefónica, totaling more than US$15 billion. "	" The firm in which Hayek was CEO, split into two entities in 2006 following Hayek's departure to join the Lebanese Government under Prime Minister Siniora."	male
He finished his playing career with Cork Alberts. 	 Tambling also briefly served as manager of Cork City during the 1984–85 season.	male
"Born to a working-class family in Cambuslang, Ure attended Rutherglen Academy until he was 15 years old. "	" After leaving school Ure attended Motherwell Technical College and then began to work as an engineer, training at the National Engineering Laboratory (NEL), in nearby East Kilbride."	male
"On 15 June 2008, Nikopolidis announced his retirement from international football after Euro 2008, claiming that he had made this decision before the tournament started, and also stating that it is about time for a major change in the Greek national squad. "	" After retirement, Nikopolidis became the assistant manager of Olympiacos in 2012."	male
"Retaining his post as a teacher at the Berlin conservatory from 1875, he had among his pupils Frank Damrosch, Joaquín Nin, Ernest Schelling, Joaquín Turina, Carl Lachmund, Bernhard Pollack, Ernst Jonas, Wilhelm Sachs, Helene von Schack, Albert Ulrich and Johanna Wenzel. "	" Moszkowski then travelled successfully throughout Europe with the reputation of being an exceptional concert pianist and brilliant composer, having also gained some recognition as a conductor."	male
"They never believed they would actually get the musician to appear in the film, but thought putting him in the script would make the studio excited about it. "	" Cusack knew Springsteen socially, and called the musician up and pitched the idea."	male
"Despite the club's slide down the table, he denied he would resign, but it was reported that two late goals from summer signing Gareth Evans to give City a late 2–1 away at Torquay United saved McCall from being sacked. "	" However, defeat to Bury in the club's following fixture was McCall's last game as manager, with McCall saying after the game: It's time for somebody else to come in and take up the reins and hopefully do well."	male
"He was buried on 19 March 1879 at Harrogate Cemetery, now known as Grove Road Cemetery, in section D, plot 324. "	" By 1841, Shutt was an architect lodging in Southwark."	male
Army officers forced him to relocate with his people to a small camp close to the Pine Ridge Agency. 	 Here the soldiers could more closely watch the old chief.	male
"After his basic military service in 1975, he graduated at the Theresian Military Academy. "	" from 1988 to 1991, Commenda was the chief instructor of tactics at the National Defense Academy."	male
Per's father Hauk Aabel played the starring role as Jeppe; it has been extremely unusual in Norwegian cinema for a son to direct a film with his father in a leading role. 	 Jeppe is a poor farmer who drinks too much.	male
"Finally he encounters a derelict street musician, the first and only instance in the cycle in which another character is present. "	" The mysterious and ominous nature of the musician, along with the question posed in the last lines, leave the fate of the wanderer open to interpretation."	male
"Thompson also said, the 'social commentary' on this album is akin to a sociopath's discharging his AK-47 into a crowded schoolyard, with the machine gun bursts interrupted by Pee-wee Herman's views on politics. "	 The sheriff had previously told local retailers that selling the album could result in a prosecution for obscenity violations.	male
"In March 1987, he was appointed Politico-Military officer for the U.S. "	 Rocha also has served as Deputy Principal Officer of the U.S.	male
"He also studied conducting under Erich Kleiber, and Karl Muck. "	" Konoye co-founded the Japan Symphonic Association in 1925, and the following year became conductor of the orchestra."	male
"Having studied metallurgical engineering, he graduated with distinction from the Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys in 1986. "	" After graduation Fridman worked as a metallurgical design engineer in Elektrostal Metallurgical Works, a state electrical machinery factory, from 1986 to 1988."	male
"After his Athletics won the 1972 World Series, Williams again led them to victory in the 1973 Series over the New York Mets. "	" Nobody had ever won World Series as a manager in both leagues, thus ensuring that the winning manager of the 1984 Series would be the first to do so."	male
"The engine driver, who had never driven the route before (but had been over it with excursion trains when a fireman), objected to these instructions, saying that his instructions were that the train was to be of thirteen vehicles at most. "	" Two other witnesses said that the driver had asked for a second engine if more carriages were added and had been refused by the station master, as none were available; the driver (in supplementary evidence given through the railway company's officers) denied this."	male
He served as Minister of Agriculture from 1912 to 1913. 	 Enge was a farmer by profession.	male
"One of the Mhuruuks who was not slain was Orini, son of Olnar, being just an untrained boy. "	 Eventually Orini became the chief disciple of Dormammu.	male
"The ROC crest and cap badge depict a 16th-century soldier holding aloft a flaming torch while shielding his eyes with his free hand, as though looking towards a distant place or object. "	" Uniform tunic buttons, lapel badges and the reverse of the ROC Medal also depict the soldier in the same pose while standing beside a coastal signal fire or warning beacon, with a chain of lit beacons extending along the coastline into the far distance."	male
"Gambill has also raised money for his long-time friend Sir Elton John's charity, the Elton John AIDS Foundation. "	 Gambill's high-profile career as a professional athlete has evolved into coaching world-class tennis players as well as being an international analyst for BeIn sports.	male
"Pozzo was one of two delegates sent to the National Assembly in Paris to demand the political incorporation of Corsica into France, and was subsequently one of the Corsican deputies to the Legislative Assembly, where he sat on the benches of the right until the events of August 1792. "	" Under the new constitution Pozzo was elected procureur-general-syndic, that is, chief of the civil government, while Paoli commanded the army."	male
"McGavin was born in Paisley, Ontario, son of James McGavin, a saddler born in Catrine, Ayrshire, Scotland[citation needed] and Elizabeth Wright, born in Glasgow Scotland, daughter of James Wight and Jean Malcolm.[citation needed] He came to Manitoba in 1877. "	" McGavin was appointed a health officer in 1903, with a stipend of $40 per annum."	male
"He also carries a variety of devices in a weapons pouch, including anti-gravity bolas and a necro-lash which releases electrical energy generated by his gauntlets. "	" Scarlotti is a research engineer and weapons design specialist, with a college degree in engineering."	male
"Among Lao Issara's prominent members were three European-educated princes; brothers Phetsarath Ratanavongsa and Souvanna Phouma, and their half brother, Souphanouvong. "	" Souphanouvong became commander in chief, as well as minister of foreign affairs."	male
"In the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s, he worked with The Soft Machine, Savoy Brown, Ten Years After, King Crimson and Led Zeppelin. "	 As engineer unless otherwise specified:	male
"A graduate of the École des Hautes Études Commerciales, he received his MBA from Columbia Business School where he was a Fulbright scholar. "	 Perraud was executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) of Schlumberger.	male
"Approximately 40,000 men served with the division between 1940 and 1946. "	 The following officers served as commanding officer of the 7th Division:	male
The director produces the play in the way he envisages how it ought to be seen as he interprets what the playwright intended within the drama; he takes care of the effectiveness of the rehearsals of the actors; and coordinates the work of designers and technicians in the production. 	" The stage manager has to work with the director, and ascertain whether both the director's objectives and the perceptions of the stage designers are compatible and realistic."	male
While wrestling on the independent circuit he worked as an accountant during the day. 	 Among these included the IPWA (Independent Pro Wrestling Association) Wohl was originally cast as the manager of a group known as the Rat Pack.	male
"In his explorations, he also had a chance to name several geographical features in the largely unexplored central and northern parts of New Brunswick, including Mount Carleton, the highest summit in the province, which he named after the first Lieutenant-Governor of New Brunswick, Thomas Carleton. "	" As a scientist, Ganong brought a special quality to the study of New Brunswick history, which featured an emphasis on map-based studies and in determining the exact location of key historic sites."	male
"He was largely autonomous on his patch, answering only to the divisional superintendent and only calling in support from Scotland Yard for very serious crimes such as murder. "	" The rank was discontinued in 1949, when it was regraded to detective chief inspector."	male
"The military background of Baasha is not explicit in the text, though he reportedly killed Nadab within the king's own military camp. "	 Which would indicate that Baasha was a soldier or officer in Nadab's army.	male
His mother was Russian. 	" During World War I, Zoshchenko served in the army as a field officer, was wounded in action several times, and was heavily decorated."	male
"Over the following decade, he was promoted through the ranks to engine-cleaner and fireman, and then finally in March 1914 to engine-driver. "	" The position of driver was considered relatively prestigious, and Chifley had to sit various examinations before being certified."	male
His father died in 1916. 	 Nussbaum first worked as a laborer for the Truck Company and at a box company in that same year.	male
"Once the ruffian shoots his air gun, scoring a direct hit on Holmes's dummy across the street, Holmes and Watson are on him, and he is soon disarmed and restrained. "	" They are led by Inspector Lestrade, who arrests the gunman."	male
"Vladimir Teodorovich Spivakov (Russian: Влади́мир Теодо́рович Спивако́в) (born 12 September 1944 in Ufa), is a leading Soviet and Russian conductor and violinist best known for his work with the Moscow Virtuosi chamber orchestra. "	" At the age of 13, Spivakov was awarded the first prize at the major conductor contest in Moscow."	male
In April 2005 he took on the post of chief executive officer of IT:Autostrade per l'Italia. 	" Following the transformation of the Autostrade Group into Atlantia, Castellucci also assumed the role of chief executive officer of the new holding."	male
He also sang in The Work. 	 Hodgkinson is a self-taught musician.	male
"Using its ability to manipulate matter, he plans to transform this dying world from a volcanic wasteland back to its former splendour. "	 The alien scientist makes a gruesome revelation: Psyche derives its energy from the minds of intelligent beings.	male
Kurtz has publicly declined to state his political affiliation. 	" As a high-profile media critic and analyst, Kurtz's political leanings and multiple employers and possible biases have been discussed by fellow media critics and pundits."	male
"While the security officer makes his way far into the citadel, Battle Group Seven of the Pfhor fleet arrives and engages Durandal's ship. "	 The security officer is abruptly teleported to help hold back boarding parties while Durandal teleports all remaining Human and S'pht crew to a stronghold on the planet's surface.	male
"It is true that Mendeleev in 1892 became head of the Archive of Weights and Measures in Saint Petersburg, and evolved it into a government bureau the following year, but that institution was charged with standardising Russian trade weights and measuring instruments, not setting any production quality standards, Also, Mendeleev's 1865 doctoral dissertation was entitled A Discourse on the combination of alcohol and water, but it only discussed medical-strength alcohol concentrations over 70%, and he never wrote anything about vodka. "	 A number of places and objects are associated with the name and achievements of the scientist.	male
"While in college, he was a member of the Young Americans for Freedom. "	" After graduating from college, Souder worked as a marketing manager and small business owner."	male
"There was then an argument between Dibdin and Harris over payment for the work, with the result that Dibdin instead embarked on a project to construct the Royal Circus, (afterwards known as the Surrey Theatre) for mixed entertainments of various kinds, he planning to form a combination of the stage and an equestrian ring or hippodrome. "	" Several parties including the landowner advanced the funds and became proprietors, and Dibdin was appointed sole manager for life, to receive a quarter of the profits."	male
His participation in a convocation of business leaders and students at Harvard University during the Vietnam War landed him in the Nixon Enemies List. 	 Palmieri served as the Deputy Rehabilitator and CEO at Mutual Benefit from 1991 until 1994.	male
Isakov broke away from teaching with the onset of the Winter War and entered active service; he coordinated not only the movement of naval warships in the Baltic Sea but also the ground forces of the Red Army in the Soviet war against Finland. 	 From 1941 to 1943 Isakov was the chief of the Main Maritime Staff.	male
"Hazheev is a career soldier, and studied first at the Suvorov Military School in Sverdlovsk, then at the Tashkent Higher All-Arms Command School, where he graduated in 1963, and finally at the Frunze Military Academy in Moscow. "	" From 1983 until 1986, Hazheev served as chief adviser to the Soviet military mission in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam."	male
"Although Prichard was a contemporary of Potter's (he was about eleven years her junior and in his twenties when the incident took place), Potter's tailor is shown as a little old man in spectacles, with a pinched face, old crooked fingers, and the action of The Tailor of Gloucester takes place in the 18th century. "	" Potter sketched the Gloucester street where the tailor's shop stood as well as cottage interiors, crockery, and furniture."	male
"In 1836, he became a surgeon in the marine brigade which took part in the Carlist War, gaining distinction through his services. "	 Alcock was made deputy inspector-general of hospitals.	male
Cantwell reminisces about the past while Renata (an 18-year-old countess with whom Cantwell spends the last days of his life) lives in the present. 	 Cantwell is a character in opposition: a tough soldier yet a tender friend and lover.	male
But Lax's primary contributions to the negotiation literature come from his two books with Professor Sebenius. 	 The Manager as Negotiator made a number of contributions to the field of negotiation.	male
A recruitment target of approximately one thousand soldiers is desired to eventually form a 757-man battalion. 	 Soldier fallout usually occurs due to voluntary withdrawal or failure to meet training standards.	male
"When he finished his schooling at Krefeld's Moltke Gymnasium, he joined the Krefeld Militia. "	" As the war erupted, Voss qualified as a motorcyclist and motorcycle mechanic."	male
It looked like he would soar on for all time. 	 The illusion was helped by the conductor in the orchestra pit who held the penultimate chord.	male
"According to Goetz he then approached Cabey and shot him on the ground; however, another witness disputed that Goetz shot Cabey a second time. "	 Cabey ended up slumped in the short seat in the corner of the car next to the conductor's cab.	male
"In 1988, he was appointed manager of Huddersfield Town and remained there until 1992. "	 Hand began working with the FAI in 1999 as a career guidance officer.	male
"From 1951 to 1955, he taught at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah. "	 Skousen was a well-respected police chief for nearly four years.	male
In 1972 he was awarded the Soviet honorary title of Hero of Socialist Labor. 	 Rudenko was one of the chief commandants of NKVD special camp Nr.	male
"By his first wife he had a son, David, who now lives at The Hague, the Netherlands.[citation needed] His second wife, Muriel McClure (1915-1994), a well-known writer, was born in California. "	" Beadle's chief hobbies were rockclimbing, skiing, and gardening."	male
In 1945 he moved to Lübeck. 	 Kühnert's most active period as an architect was in the 1920s.	male
"The son of a French wine importer and his German wife, Claude Dornier was born in Bavaria where he grew up and attended school, with science being his chief interest. "	" As a young engineer, Dornier first worked on strength calculations at the Nagel Engineering Works in Karlsruhe."	male
"During the clearing of this mud, Amos and his men discovered another area in the caverns that had been blocked for many years, by a large amount of mud. "	" Upon clearing the newly discovered area, the geologist discovered anthodites."	male
"Julia's suspicions regarding Macrinus' involvement in the death of Caracalla led to her championing the case of her grandson, Elagabalus, as the rightful emperor. "	 At the time Elagabalus was the chief priest of the Phoenician god Elagabal in Emesa.	male
"In 1994, after graduating from San Francisco State University's film school, he started working with Jamie Hyneman at M5 Industries. "	" Belleci worked as a stage manager, running errands and cleaning the shop, but quickly moved up the ranks."	male
"Since the architect has a deep involvement in the success of a project, he must perform his work under a clearly defined contract. "	" Under this contract, the architect and the owner are under the obligation of the contract and must abide by it."	male
After Bayer he was the CEO of Treofan Group. 	" Prior to Neste, Vanacker was the CEO and Managing Director of CABB Group GmbH from 2015 to 2018."	male
He is currently chief executive of the Queensland Resources Council. 	" Macfarlane was born in Kingaroy, Queensland, and was a farmer and president of the Queensland Graingrowers Association before entering politics."	male
"During her tenure at Amazon, Heineman was, in addition to her technological role, also the Transgender Chair of Amazon's LGBTQ+ group, known as Glamazon. "	" At Olde Sküül, Heineman acts as CEO."	female
"She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Geography from the Osmania University, Hyderabad and also obtained a Postgraduate degree in Economics from this university. "	 B Chandarakala is serving as an IAS officer from the year 2008.	female
"During her campaign announcement in 2015, Hewitt stated, People are tired of career politicians. "	" As an engineer, I am a problem solver."	female
A few weeks later she was given a major spread in an article about the newly formed Women's Auxiliary Army Corps. 	 The image of a WAAC officer candidate (at right) comes from this shoot.	female
"She started her career as a striker, but as her career progressed, she moved further back on the field, and was playing toward the end of her career in central defence. "	" Apart from playing football, Medalen worked as a police officer."	female
	 The award is given to “significant contributions to the geophysical sciences by an outstanding early career scientist.”	female
"In 1976 she was promoted to Manager of Children's Programs by Margaret Loesch, then Director of Children's Programs. "	" Animation in 1980, and eventually became a vice president and general manager."	female
"She muses on the meaning of the movement for her generation, Until I found riot grrrl, or riot grrrl found me I was just another Gloria Steinem NOW feminist trying to take a stand in shop class. "	" Now I am a musician, a writer, a whole person."	female
Whilst at university she became involved in student politics and was elected as the environment officer for the University of Melbourne Student Union in 2007. 	 Sandell worked for the Australian Youth Climate Coalition (AYCC) between 2009 and 2012 serving as general manager before becoming the group's National Director.	female
"Flinn's case, due in part to her high visibility in Air Force recruitment advertisements, drew national attention, eventually creating a media circus. "	" This is an issue about an officer, entrusted to fly nuclear weapons, who lied."	female
"In 1999, she defended her PhD dissertation, titled State Regulation of the tax system, at the Kyiv National Economic University and received a Ph.D. in Economics. "	 Tymoshenko has worked as a practicing economist and academic.	female
"While in the role, it was reported that she had ordered officers in her force to trim or cover beards, along with a ban on visible tattoos and inappropriate makeup, with the BBC's Newsbeat reporting that beard nets would be permitted as an alternative. "	" Davenport retired in 2017, after thirty years as a police officer."	female
"Later that month she rejoined TF 58 for raids on Palau, Yap, Ulithi and Woleai from 30 March to 1 April; support of the Hollandia operation in New Guinea on 21 April and 22; and a repeat raid on Truk from 29 April to 1 May. "	" During the invasion of Guam Dortch patrolled west of the island as life guard and fighter director ship, as well as screening the carriers that provided air support for the troops ashore."	female
"Thanks to her intelligence, she acted as Suleiman's chief adviser, and she seems to have had an influence upon foreign policy and international politics. "	 Hürrem's great power signaled the rise of the chief imperial consort under the title of haseki.	female
"Fortunately for the women, an Austrian soldier unlocked the door of the building and the women and girls managed to escape. "	 The Germans shot the soldier who had set them free.	female
Ishihara wanted to place the burden of an idol's mistakes on the player for not training her enough to deepen a player's attachment with the idols. 	" Originally, the protagonist was going to be put in the role of the idol's manager, but it was later changed to the idol's producer because the latter was perceived to be cooler."	female
"After graduating college in 1979, she became involved in punk culture via collage art, color xerox postcards and mail art. "	" Kossy eventually became a computer programmer, but also published zines because Publishing is power, pure and simple, and turned author and folklorist."	female
"On 25 March 2017, Kam Dhillon reported a yet-to-be completed skyscraper design designed by Hadid prior to her death in 2016 in an article titled Zaha Hadid Architects Unveils Monumental Skyscraper Project for NYC. "	" A futuristic building, faithful to the imprint of the architect, which should host the biggest cultural events of the Moroccan capital."	female
"Following her departure from Rakvere, she joined the Ugala theatre in Viljandi in 1994, where she is still engaged as an actress. "	" Since 2005, Tamm has also been a stage manager at the Ugala."	female
"In 1995, she was hired as a sous chef at the Le Quartier Français in Franschhoek. "	" When the head chef moved back to Johannesburg to work with Molinaro, Janse was promoted into the role."	female
"After her time with the NRDC, she went on to get her Ph.D. at Stanford University, funded by the National Science Foundation's Graduate Research Fellowship and the Lucille Packard Stanford Graduate Fellowship, within the Emmett Interdisciplinary Program in Environment and Resources with an emphasis in hydrologic ecosystem services in 2010. "	" Currently, Brauman is the Lead Scientist of the Global Water Assessment under the Institute on the Environment at the University of Minnesota."	female
"Manchu Princess, Japanese Spy: The Story of Kawashima Yoshiko, the Cross-Dressing Spy Who Commanded Her Own Army is a 2015 book by Phyllis Birnbaum, published by Columbia University Press. "	" According to the author, the reputation of Kawashima being a soldier and spy was likely inflated."	female
"After the 2002 elections, she remained Vice Chancellor on a provisional basis until the coalition between ÖVP and FPÖ was renewed in early 2003, and has since had no involvement in politics. "	" Since 2004, Riess-Passer has been the CEO of the Wüstenrot-Gruppe."	female
"In 2003 she returned to Australia, working with NCAR and the Bureau of Meteorology in Melbourne. "	" Professor Arblaster worked as a senior research scientist from 2003 to 2016 in the climate change processes team at The Centre for Australian Weather and Climate Research, which is a partnership between the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation and the Bureau of Meteorology."	female
In total she met during 84 days of parliamentary session. 	 Haldorsen was medical superintendent of a children's home and advisor to a hospital board from 1959 to about 1964.	female
"During the summer, she conducted reserve training cruises and resumed her patrols early in September. "	" Then, Kilty intensified ASW patrols, trained armed-guard crews for merchantmen, and escorted coastal convoys throughout 1942."	female
He subsequently cast her in his 1973 TV movie Planet Earth. 	" Muldaur was cast to play the role of Dr. Pulaski, the new chief medical officer."	female
The farmer is paid against her declared payment entitlements that are each matched against an eligible hectare of declared land ('activated for payment'). 	 A farmer holds 102.00 payment entitlements.	female
She is married and has been a medical doctor since 2009. 	 Rottländer is currently chief resident in internal medicine at a hospital in Switzerland.	female
Her first assignment was at Bolling Air Force Base in Washington where she worked as an intelligence research specialist. 	 Montes advanced rapidly through the ranks at the DIA and became its most senior Cuban analyst.	female
She tends to accidentally break things by crushing them. 	 Sakakibara is the Manager of Human Resources at the Good Trading Company.	female
HM The Queen is the new regiment's Colonel-in-Chief. 	" The regiment includes a goat, presented by the monarch; this is not a mascot but a ranking soldier."	female
"With the involvement of her high school music department, Paulini was also a participant in Sydney's annual Schools Spectacular variety show. "	" After leaving high school, Paulini worked in a retail clothing store and became a full-time musician."	female
"Dr. Mathur has a teaching experience of more than 16 years, she started her career as an assistant professor in 2003 at Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi. "	 Dr. Mathur is a very proactive Scientist and has been into various extramural and administrative activities.	female
"Morissette (as the driver) gets out of the car, and all her passengers have disappeared. "	" The driver in a red knit beanie was the one in control, the responsible one."	female
"The final member of Empowered's primary supporting cast is an immortal, cosmically powerful being called The Caged Demonwolf, whom Empowered prevented from destroying the Earth by imprisoning its essence within a bondage belt gained from another of her previous misadventures. "	" While The Caged Demonwolf was initially hostile, it has since become both an advisor and friend to Empowered, Thugboy and Ninjette."	female
The Vital Voices Global Leadership Network connects thousands of women leaders who have participated in Vital Voices conferences and training programs around the globe. 	 Verveer served as Chair of the Board and Co-CEO until early 2009.	female
"In the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada, they became the 1st Senior Australian Football Team to win a knockout match in a World Cup when they defeated Brazil 1–0 in the Round of 16 before losing 1–0 to Japan in the quarter finals. "	" Currently, Stajcic stands as the only Australian-born head coach to win a match at a FIFA World Cup."	female
"See Electoral results for the Division of Phillip#Elections in the 1980s) She was again the Democrat candidate when then Prime Minister Bob Hawke called a double dissolution election in 1984, and improved her vote, gaining 5.5%. "	 Sowada served as the Democrat campaign manager for the 1988 NSW State election and the 1990 federal election.	female
"Upon taking office, former president Cristina Kirchner decided to have, for the first time, female officers as her aides-de-camp. "	" At unit level, the unit S1 (personnel officer) doubles as the unit commander's adjutant, although in recent times in many units this practice has been left only for ceremonial purposes, while for everyday duties a senior NCO performs the adjutant's activities."	female
"Fearing that Erythrina succumbed to temptation for power, Pollack visits her "	" The elderly Charteris, an early military computer programmer, reveals that the Mailman was not an extraterrestrial, but a National Security Agency AI research project to protect government systems."	female
"In 1989, when she was first approached by Bendon to promote their lingerie in Australia, Macpherson saw an opportunity to reverse their strategy and suggested a licensing arrangement, with products bearing her name and designs created in partnership with Bendon's team. "	" Macpherson took a significant role in the development and management of the company, serving as chief marketing officer and later Creative Director."	female
"On her return to India, Albuquerque worked with Jerusha Jhirad at the Bangalore Maternity Hospital, as senior obstetrician from 1922 to 1925. "	" After Jhirad left for Bombay, Albuquerque became senior medical officer at the hospital."	female
Knapp's parents divorced when she was three and she spent an unhappy childhood with her remarried father until leaving home at 18. 	" As a classically trained musician Knapp played trumpet in high school, and attended Pittsburg State University on a music scholarship."	female
They served as the Human Rights Campaign's National Coming Out Project Spokesperson for 1995 and was named one of Esquire's Women We Love and Women of the Year for Ms. magazine. 	" They are currently the Senior Manager of the Human Rights Campaign's Youth & Campus Outreach, as well as the Human Rights Campaign's HRC University Internship Program coordinator."	female
"Since she is from an alternative universe (pre-Crisis Earth Two), kryptonite has no effect on her, but she is still vulnerable to magic. "	 Terrific as a first rate scientist.	female
"While in 1799, it is the father (Fenwick) who is the enlightened soul and his male friends are also scientists (Armstrong, the physician, and Roget, the to-be-author of the thesaurus), his wife (Susannah) is a stereotypical wife of the time and their two daughters (Maria and Harriet) are expected to be such, too. "	 The decision of one of them to become a scientist leads to disapproval.	female
"While completing her graduate studies, Zuckerberg wrote a food blog called Sugar Mountain Treats. "	" Zuckerberg is the founder and editor-in-chief of the online journal Eidolon, which publishes texts about classics that are not formal scholarship."	female
"Her specialist subject was the children's books of Roald Dahl, and she came 2nd in the show. "	 Nemone is an accomplished musician.	female
"Founder Kathi Kamen Goldmark died on May 24, 2012, and the group disbanded a month later, following a memorial concert in her honor. "	 Goldmark was then a musician whose day job was in book publicity.	female
"Born in Bedford, Beardsmore attended the independent Dame Alice Harpur School in her hometown, then studied for a BA in English and Politics at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and also went to Luton College of Higher Education. "	 Beardsmore joined the BBC in 1977 as secretary to the Manager of Operations and later as a production assistant.	female
"During the height of its industrial prowess Holyoke was a regular stop on Vaudeville circuits, with its most famous actress, Eva Tanguay, known as The Girl Who Made Vaudeville Famous. "	" Tanguay was soon discovered by a Pennsylvania touring company, and went on to become the first American popular musician to achieve mass-media celebrity."	female
"Thursday agreed to retrieve Schitt, only for Schitt-Hawse to subsequently imprison her, intending to study her bookjumping ability in order to open up new potential markets for the Goliath Corporation within fiction. "	" Schitt-Hawse reappeared briefly in Something Rotten, when Thursday visited the CEO of the Goliath Corporation during a board meeting."	female
"She graduated from Beşikdüzü High School of Education at 1978, and moved to Istanbul with her family right after, where she studied architecture in Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University and graduated in 1978. "	" After graduating from university, Aktas worked as an architect, media consultant and journalist."	female
"The two remaining convicts begin to suspect the undercover cop, and threaten to kill the geologist if she doesn't reveal herself. "	" A fight ensues between the convicts and the undercover officer, assisted by the geologist."	female
She clerked for Justice Alan B. Handler of the New Jersey Supreme Court and has taught at University of Washington since 1996. 	" As of 2011, Ramasastry is a senior advisor in the International Trade Administration at the US Dept."	female
"In 2016, she was elected as Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences. "	 Kattumuri is actively engaged in charitable activities as advisor and committee member with several global non-governmental organisations.	female
"Iggwilv's conquest of Perrenland was complete by 481 CY[when?], and she held a firm grip on that nation until 491 CY, when Graz'zt escaped her control. "	 Iggwilv was caught off guard when Tsojcanth fought back for the first time in years.	female
"She received a Juris Doctor degree from Northeastern University School of Law in Boston in 1983, where she founded the Boston Lesbian/Gay Political Alliance, a non-partisan political organization that interviews and endorses candidates for political office and advocates for Boston's gay community. "	" Vaid is CEO of the Vaid Group LLC, which works with social justice innovators, movements and organizations to address structural inequalities based on sexual orientation, gender identity, race, gender and economic status."	female
"She herself however was 'one of the most successful teachers in the history of psychoanalysis ... her seminars were remarkable experiences for students, and her classes were remembered as spectacles'. "	" Deutsch was a very esteemed and beloved training analyst and supervisor, whose seminars, based on case studies, were known to often run into the early morning hours."	female
"As the first female chief minister of West Bengal, one of her first decisions was to return 400 acres of land to Singur farmers. "	" The cabinet has decided to return 400 acres to unwilling farmers in Singur, the chief minister said."	female
"In 2018, Chando made her directorial debut with her short film LPM, Likes Per Minute. "	" It screened at the inaugural Mammoth Film Festival, where Chando also serves as an operations manager."	female
Pornthip is very proud of her work and that it ensures her a place in heaven. 	" Graduating from the Faculty of Medicine, Mahidol University, in 1979, Pornthip became a medical officer in the Ministry of Public Health."	female
"During her tenure, the company's sales grew 80%. "	" Nooyi served as CEO for 12 years, 7 years longer than the average CEO tenure at large companies according to an Equilar study."	female
Corrales moved to the United States to attend the University of Washington where she received her bachelor’s in economics. 	 Corrales previously served as chief operating officer and chief financial officer at Nest.	female
She later received her PhD Ifrom University of Colorado Boulder in ecology and evolutionary biology. 	" Zelikova is an ecosystem scientist, filmmaker, and activist."	female
Geske earned her J.D. degree from the Marquette University Law School in 1975. 	 Geske worked as chief staff attorney for the Legal Aid Society of Milwaukee until 1979.	female
"In Chicago, Jane Addams and her fellow members of Hull House endeavoured to clean up the mishandled waste in their area but their efforts were obstructed by the local council. "	 The council handled the issue by giving Addams the position of garbage inspector of the ward on a salary of one thousand dollars per year.	female
"She is also the author of the book Worth It: Your Life, Your Money, Your Terms (2017, Simon and Schuster) Steinberg graduated from The Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania in 1995 and from Columbia College, where she was an urban studies major, in 1999. "	 Steinberg was first a computer programmer.	female
"Following her forced resignation from HP, several commentators ranked Fiorina as one of the worst American (or tech) CEOs of all time. "	" During Fiorina's tenure as CEO, HP leased or purchased five planes, including two Gulfstream IVs, to replace four aging aircraft, only one of which had the range to fly overseas."	female
Oramics was also the name used by Oram to refer to her studio and business interests generally. 	" The musician drew shapes on the film to create a mask, which modulated the light received by photocells."	female
"After spending time in India teaching English, Allsopp returned to the UK and began a series of positions, working for Country Living and Food & Homes Magazine and her mother's business, Hindlip & Prentice Interiors, and studying at Christie's. "	" Allsopp was reported in 2008 and 2009 to be an advisor to the Conservative Party on housing matters, but has denied this."	female
"Before qualifying for the 1997 World Junior Curling Championships, she was never very interested in the sport. "	 Jentsch is employed as a soldier athlete.	female
"She was initially appointed Commissioner in 1997, and is the first Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario to have been re-appointed for a third term. "	" Serving as an officer of the provincial legislature, the Commissioner is independent of the government of the day."	female
"She established a practice in North Kensington and was an expert on childhood enuresis (bedwetting) and an early believer in what would now be called socialised medicine.[citation needed] In 1911, Bentham was a driving force behind the establishment of a mother and baby clinic in North Kensington, founded by the Women's Labour League in memorial to Margaret MacDonald and Mary Middleton. "	" Bentham served as the clinic's chief medical officer, and benefactor, underwriting its expenses."	female
"Adams married his wife, Mary, in the late 1970s. "	 The pair met when the latter travelled to the Northwest Territories to find work as a home economist.	female
"In addition to the fast cars of her racing career, Nice lived a fast life. "	 Nice was introduced to motor racing by racing driver de Courcelles.	female
"Officer was 15 years old when she was playing in the Highlander Curling Club in Winnipeg, Manitoba. "	" I was a bit star-struck, Officer said."	female
"In 1917, Shouse was able to utilize experience acquired through her undergraduate and her prior activist activities. "	 Shouse was hired as the assistant to the chief.	female
"Utada made the majority of the album alone, saying she 'locked herself away'. "	" I was like a mad scientist working away in an underground laboratory, going on to say I had the time of my life but it was a very intense, introverted process."	female
Hsieh began her law enforcement career after her husband died of cancer. 	" Hsieh was subsequently assigned to Jingmei Precinct first as deputy chief, and later first division chief."	female
"Shortly after midnight, a westbound driver drifted out of lane; she was later ruled to have been legally drunk at the time. "	 The driver got out to inspect the damage.	female
"On 13 May 1944, Rowden together with three other captured female SOE agents, Andrée Borrel, Vera Leigh and Sonia Olschanezky, were moved from Fresnes to the Avenue Foch along with four other women whose names were Yolande Beekman, Madeleine Damerment, Eliane Plewman and Odette Sansom, all of whom were F Section agents. "	" Later that day they were taken to the railway station, and each handcuffed to a guard upon alighting the train."	female
"In an interview addressing the move, she states Whereas MALDEF at the macro, systemic change level, CCF is about the micro, one community, one county. "	" As CEO, Hernández has helped the CCF increase its assets to over $1 billion, allowing for greater service opportunities and innovative programs to reach more Los Angelenos, especially those who are of color, low income, and immigrants."	female
"At the time of her resignation in 2005, after HP had acquired several other companies, HP had about 150,000 employees. "	 HP's revenue doubled and the rate of patent filings increased due to mergers with Compaq and other companies during Fiorina's stint as CEO.	female
Googe is known for her raucous style of bass playing in MBV's live performances. 	" After leaving MBV in 1995, Googe briefly became a taxi driver."	female
"Hala Moddelmog (born January 3, 1956) became the first female president and CEO of the Metro Atlanta Chamber (MAC) in January 2014 following a career in the corporate and non-profit sectors. "	 Moddelmog has 19 years of career experience in president and CEO roles.	female
"After receiving her doctorate, she continued to teach at the Saint Petersburg University of the Ministry of Interior of Russia. "	" After graduating, Fedorova worked as an inspector in Pskov for six months."	female
GMA Network appointed Lilybeth Rasonable as Officer-in-charge of the Entertainment Group. 	" Rasonable has been with the network since 1998 and has served as program manager, assistant vice president, and vice president for drama for the Entertainment Group."	female
"In late 2011, the online chatbox provider XChat filed a lawsuit after a developer published a copy of the source code to her server emulator. "	 The suit was later dropped as the developer had not infringed copyright.	female
"The court was told that during the period in question, Christian had two girlfriends of legal age. "	 One was a pest control officer who came to Pitcairn to rid the island of rats.	female
"During her tenure, Radisich successfully lobbied to prevent the Australian Federal Communications Minister from extending the Do Not Call Register to business numbers. "	 Radisich demonstrated a solid track record of working with the private sector as CEO of COSBOA.	female
"From there she attended the Victoria University of Manchester where she studied medicine, one of the earliest female doctors to be trained there. "	" Schill had a long career as a practising physician, as a general practitioner, medical officer for a number of educational establishments and as a psychiatrist."	female
"In November 2009, a Prison Officer from HMYOI Aylesbury was jailed after it emerged that she had become pregnant after having a sexual relationship with an inmate. "	 The Prison Officer was also convicted of smuggling three mobile phones into HMYOI Aylesbury.	female
"She spent a year teaching and writing in Prague (providing the germ of her book of essays Time's Magpie, which explores her favorite places within the city), then moved to Brooklyn, New York, where she still lives with her husband (Jason Little) and two daughters. "	 Goldberg is an accomplished amateur musician.	female
"Under this practice, if a shrine slave died or ran away, the family was required to replace her with another girl. "	" At the beginning of the 19th century, Nyigbla became the chief Anlo deity, and its shrines also began to demand slaves for its services."	female
"On March 8, 2017, during an International Women's Day panel discussion on ABC Local Radio, Wriedt clarified that she was not a member of any political party, saying that after she retired from Parliament in 2009 she “did not receive a membership renewal form from the ALP, which I took as a message that I was no longer welcome”. "	 Wriedt was appointed executive officer of Cystic Fibrosis Tasmania in 2010.	female
"After the war, she continued her career at the Boruprokat factory. "	 Hasanova was the chief brigadier in 1970 and led four brigades at that factory.	female
"In May 2013 she was named weekend news anchor, and has hosted Israel's most viewed TV news broadcast since. "	" Weiss has also hosted the weekday evening news and other shows, and is currently the station's chief political analyst."	female
She is the only speaker in the Conference's 10-year history to be invited to speak more than once. 	 Hatchett has appeared on numerous media outlets as a guest commentator and legal analyst on national issues.	female
Jean Schmidt knew that those complaints and those allegations had no merit when she mailed the letter. 	" Schmidt was struck by a hit and run driver while jogging, and was diagnosed with two broken ribs and two fractured vertebrae."	female
"During her first job interview with an insurance company, Koss, who was engaged at the time, was rejected for the reason that married women will have children and leave. "	" Being able to create margins, headings and page numbers on the fly, Koss was the first programmer to attempt computer based word processing."	female
"As a result, almost all marriage brokers in the literary work were presented as elderly females. "	 Being a successful marriage broker required various special skills.	female
She set three world records: in the 1000 m in 1972 and in the 4×800 m relay in 1969 and 1976. 	 Hoffmeister was a sports teacher by training and after retiring from competitions became deputy chief of the Children and Youth School in Cottbus.	female
She captained both Orioles and Fever. 	" After retiring as a player, Rosman became a coach."	female
"A short time into her part-time job, the store's owner stepped down and offered Bestwick to take over the business, to which she agreed. "	" At Microbyte, Bestwick was promoted time and time again, eventually becoming promotions manager and later sales manager."	female
She is the first female conductor to be named chief conductor of the Vienna RSO. 	" Alsop is to hold the title of chief conductor designate with immediate effect, through the 2018–2019 season."	female
In her spare time she was involved with a number of cultural and sporting initiatives as well as writing for the local paper and co-writing a book on the history of the performing arts. 	 Parsons also served as Cultural Officer from 1984-1989 and has been active in culture and sports.	female
In 2003 she graduated from the Moscow State Academy of Instrument Engineering and Information qualified as an economist. 	" Prior to enrollment as a cosmonaut, Serova had worked as an engineer of the 2nd category for the RSC Energia, and in the Mission Control Center."	female
She is noted for her interpretations of French mélodies and German lieder. 	" Stutzmann also plays piano, bassoon and is a chamber musician."	female
"A 911 caller reported that a woman had been speeding down the street, struck a parked car, got out of the vehicle, and then left on foot. "	" Forty minutes later, another call was placed indicating that the driver had returned."	female
In 2009 she became director of the Data To Insight Center and Executive Director of the Pervasive Technology Institute in 2021. 	" From 2017 until 2021, Plale was a science advisor at the National Science Foundation."	female
"During World War II, months after the German invasion, the all-female Aviation Group No. 122 was formed under famous pilot Marina Raskova. "	" The 122nd trained pilots, navigators, mechanics, and ground crews for three new regiments: the 568th Fighter Aviation Regiment, 587th (later the 125th Guards) Bomber Aviation Regiment, and 588th Night Bomber Aviation Regiment (also known as the 46th Guard or the Night Witches)."	female
"In 1990s her interactive art projects, mostly occupied with metaphors, tele-presence and relation of the real world and cyber-space, were featured in magazines such as Hotwired, and presented at Ars Electronica arts and technology festival's Net Art selection in Linz, Austria in 1997. "	" Bulaja was the originator, editor-in-chief, manager, director and designer of the project."	female
"An Independent, she was the first female Chancellor of Austria. "	" Bierlein served as the advocate general of the Procurator's Office – essentially the country's chief public prosecutor – from 1990 to 2002, as well as a member of the executive board of the International Association of Prosecutors from 2001 to 2003."	female
She continued to teach immunology online until her death. 	 Pontzer joined the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health (NCCIH) as a scientific review officer in 2002.	female
Her mother was disabled and unable to work. 	" McLellan has a PhD in Psychology from the University of Canterbury and worked in academic psychology specializing in sports injuries and concussion, as a research scientist at the University of Canterbury."	female
Cao's first international debut was at the 2003 World Wushu Championships where she was the world champion in women's changquan. 	" Around this time, Cao became the coach of the Shandong Wushu Team."	female
"In 1965, a riot took place on campus following the arrest of Marjorie Cocoziello, a student fined for jaywalking who had not paid her ticket in time. "	" Reporters for The Lantern published Cocoziello's accounts of a strip-search, being put in a dark cell, and being watched by a cruel jailer."	female
Between 2015 and 2017 she was named three times as an NFHCA All-American while playing for Louisville Cardinals. 	" While based in Louisville, Kentucky, McFerran also worked as a goalkeeper coach at a local field hockey club, IFHCK."	female
She worked on manuals for the safe use of gliders. 	 Grimshaw spent 1953–61 at the RAE's headquarters office and returned as the RAE Project officer on the full pressure suit in 1961.	female
"In September 2004, Exley scored after four seconds of a League Cup tie against Aston Villa from inside her own half. "	" Exley was top scorer for Doncaster Belles in the following two seasons, winning the manager's Player of the Year award in 2006."	female
"She participated in the 2013 London Marathon in aid of Age UK, the Deloitte Ride Across Britain from Lands End to John O'Groats, the Prudential London Triathlon, and a marathon row for cancer research. "	 Sotherton is a performance coach and specialises in running.	female
She also finished 17th in the two-woman event at the 2005 FIBT World Championships in Calgary. 	 Gavine-Hlady also was awarded the track and field award for most improved coach.	female
"The writers have cleverly embraced the gap Mags left behind; instead of trying to replace her directly, they've used her absence to create the sense of a town on the precipice of a crime war. "	" This week's episode, however, reminds us that Mags was never truly the chief villain of Justified to begin with."	female
"That year she also won first prize at the Festival de la Chanson at Ostende, Belgium. "	 Leyrac was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1967 and was the subject of an hour-long documentary on CBC television in 1972.	female
She received her B.S. in nursing education from the University of Minnesota School of Nursing. 	 Woodman served as chief nurse of the XXIV Corps.	female
Kirby says that her mother is still very important in her life. 	 I remember sitting on the coach back from the last game of the season and I just cried.	female
"She wrote prose articles for the Pioneer Press, Church Work and other papers, and was one of the contributing editors of the Woman's Record, at one time the organ of the Woman's Educational and Industrial Union of St. "	" Furber was identified with WCTU work for years as an officer in local, county and district organizations."	female
"Tatyana Sergeyevna Moskvina (also Tatsiana Siarheievna Maskvina, Belarusian: Таццяна Сяргееўна Масквіна; born 10 January 1973 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian-born Belarusian judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category. "	" Currently a permanent resident in Minsk and a naturalized Belarusian citizen, Moskvina trained under head coach and sensei M. Ramazanov for Dinamo."	female
"Then known as Prospect Park Productions, she led the marketing campaign for the soap operas All My Children and One Life to Live about which The Hollywood Reporter wrote: Not only are they (TOLN) the first company to revive a long-running daytime drama (thus changing the game for the genre entirely) they are taking two brands with a combined age of over 80 years and basically making them cool again.” "	" Following the cancellation, Cob-Baehler transitioned to a position as an artist manager."	female
One of the most significant contributors of Garm was Tove Jansson who started her career in the magazine as a cartoonist in 1929 when she was just fifteen. 	 Over time the former became the magazine's chief illustrator.	female
"She has worked in a range of scientific and environmental management roles in addition to her Antarctic roles, including environment negotiator for New Zealand free trade agreements, and establishment unit convenor for the Crop and Food Research Institute. "	" Notably, Wratt was chief executive of the not for profit Cawthron Institute during 2006–2012."	female
"After receiving her MFA, Guzman returned to Apple and worked there for five years on projects including FaceTime, iMessage, and additional emoji sets. "	" As of 2020 Guzman is the CEO and founder of Tijiko, a company centered on digital coaching."	female
The person sitting in the vehicle's passenger seat was caught by police putting a plastic baggie with syringes in her purse. 	" When paramedics arrived, they administered Naloxone to Morasca, who was physically combative throughout the process, biting a police officer's arm after having been placed in an ambulance."	female
"Once a yellow pony steps out of the train, Twilight and her friends think that she is Ms. Harshwhinny and go to welcome her. "	" The friends show the inspector the castle, who seems to have claustrophobia and altocelarophobia."	female
"In 2008, Johansson was promoted to Head of Design, working with 140 designers, and in 2013 she began overseeing H&M's special collections shown in Paris. "	" Johansson became Creative Advisor in 2015, and has subsequently worked as H&M's spokesperson and representative."	female
"In the seven years after its publication, she wrote other papers on the geology, paleontology and glaciology of the Lake District, most of which were published in the Geological Magazine. "	" Hodgson also contributed papers to the Geologist, and was a member of the Botanical Exchange Club."	female
"Her job was to oversee the supply chain, although she retained her previous anti-piracy jurisdiction. "	 Antonellis joined Vubiquity as CEO in 2014.	female
"Bush administration, then-Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole recruited her for the Department of Labor. "	" Dominguez served as Assistant Secretary for Employment Standards, Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) and Architect of the Labor Department's Glass Ceiling Initiative."	female
"In the 1800s, women in the French military were responsible for preparing meals for soldiers, and were called cantinières. "	" Cantinières had commissions from the administrators of the regiments, and they were required to be married to a soldier of the regiment."	female
The Miss Deaf USA 2005 winner was the first USA participant in this competition. 	" As MDU's CEO, Leek attended the event and met pageant directors from other countries, who expressed their will to initiate a similar pageant in the USA as well as in other countries."	female
"She studied European Studies at Maastricht University in the Netherlands, and then earned a LLM from the University of Edinburgh. "	 Andreeva then worked as a press officer for the Bulgarian commissioner.	female
"In January 2015, her extended play (EP), The Suspended Kid, was issued, which she had worked on for over a year and half. "	" The title of the EP is about how people responded to Sevdaliza in social situations, saying I realized that those things that deflect me from social situations--not getting along with your coach or your boss or whatever--it made me realize I had to choose a different path."	female
"Martin Amis, who was harshly criticized in America Alone but gave it a positive review, said of the style: Mark Steyn is an oddity: his thoughts and themes are sane and serious "	" Longtime editor and admirer Fulford also wrote, Steyn, a self-styled 'right-wing bastard,' violates everyone's sense of good taste."	male
"A week later, he experienced complications which prompted additional surgery to implant a defibrillator. "	" As a writer, Dozois mainly worked in shorter forms."	male
"His most famous works are Alpiakan manushak (dedicated to Arpenik Charents, the first wife of Yeghishe Charents), Lar-Markar, Namak rusats tagavorin (A Letter to the Russian Tsar), Kyores (1935) etc. "	" Bakunts also was a film-writer (Zangezur, etc.)."	male
"He laid out the botanical gardens at Messina in 1635, where he cultivated many exotic medicinal plants (now the Orto Botanico Pietro Castelli of the University of Messina). "	" Castelli was equally distinguished as a botanist, chemist, and surgeon."	male
"The Reception of the King at the Entrance of Holyrood Palace was the incident ultimately chosen; and in the following year, when the artist, upon the death of Raeburn, had been appointed Royal Limner for Scotland, he received sittings from the monarch, and began to work diligently upon the subject. "	" But several years elapsed before its completion; for, like all such ceremonial works, it proved a harassing commission, uncongenial to the painter while in progress and unsatisfactory when finished."	male
He earned his master's degree in biology at Reed College and his PhD at Princeton University in 1943. 	" After college, McElroy became a professor at Johns Hopkins University."	male
"In July 1998, he was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison. "	" The sentencing judge ordered that Swango not be allowed to prepare or deliver food, or have any involvement in preparing or distributing drugs."	male
"Returning home in 1909, from then until 1917 he taught history at the Kutaisi Georgian Gymnasium, and was headmaster of the Sinatle girls' school from 1915 to 1917. "	" From 1918 to 1950, Uznadze was Professor and Head of the Department of Psychology of TSU."	male
He retired in 1976 and died of pulmonary edema in 1977. 	" As a pathologist, Goldblatt had observed narrowing of renal blood vessels in autopsies of people with hypertension."	male
"There Lorenz Böhler was able to realize some of his most groundbreaking ideas: everything got specialized and standardized, records were kept for later (statistic) analyses, the most important information got written on the plaster and the patients got sorted according to their kind of physical injury, and those who were able to do some kind of work had to help at the military hospital. "	 For a short time in 1918 Böhler was in Italian war captivity and had to work as an advisory surgeon for Italian military hospitals.	male
"They seek out the Egregious Professor of Cruel and Unusual Geography, and find his office but no sign of the professor himself. "	 They then find a magical window in space leading from the professor's bathroom to a tropical island thousands of years in the past.	male
In 1945 - 1947 he worked in the Leningrad branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences. 	 Since 1947 - Professor of the Leningrad University .	male
Alessandro Achillini began teaching when he was 21 years old. 	 During the 2-year period between 1506-1508 Achillini was a Professor at the University of Padua.	male
From 1939 until 1940 he was Vice-Minister of War of the Polish Government in Exile in London. 	 From 1945 until 1973 professor of the Polish University in Exile.	male
He also wrote editorials in the Greenville Delta Democrat-Times regarding social and economic intolerance in the Deep South that won him widespread acclaim and the moniker Spokesman of the New South. 	 The article was attacked on the floor of the Mississippi House of Representatives as a Willful lie by a nigger-loving editor.	male
"It is likely that the abrupt ending of Book IV is to be explained by Froissart's death, which may have occurred while he was writing this part of the Chronicles. "	" The text shows traces of having been worked over by a 'copy editor', who was not the author but someone who seems to have prepared a text, possibly autograph, for reproduction."	male
"In 1989, he became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. "	" O Choille gu Bearradh was the Saltire Society Scottish Book of the Year for 1990, and MacLean won the McVitie's Prize for Scottish Writer of the Year."	male
"After his playing days were over, he became the coach of River Plate, where he won several national titles. "	 Passarella held to close friend Américo Gallego as assistant coach.	male
"The outer main-belt asteroid 1596 Itzigsohn, which he discovered himself, was named in his memory on 1 August 1980 (M.P.C. "	 Itzigsohn was a professor of spherical and practical astronomy.	male
"About 40 hours after he had been formally inaugurated, Hevia resigned early Thursday morning in favor of Mendieta. "	" Hevia, who was also a surgeon, had been the first Cuban national to graduate from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, as a member of the Class of 1920."	male
The book intervenes just as a hand grenade is thrown at him. 	 A mad professor has developed a virus that kills everyone once released.	male
"He was interested in computers at a young age; when Stallman was a pre-teen at a summer camp, he read manuals for the IBM 7094. "	 Stallman was also a volunteer laboratory assistant in the biology department at Rockefeller University.	male
"Historically, once in possession of the benefice, the holder had lifelong tenure unless he failed to provide the required minimum of spiritual services or committed a moral offence. "	" At one time, an incumbent might choose to enjoy the income of the benefice and appoint an assistant curate to discharge all the spiritual duties of the office at a lesser salary."	male
He was then concerned he would produce nitroglycerine due to the glycerine in the steak and the presence of nitric and sulphuric acids. 	 Professor Stork received a number of awards and honors including the following:	male
"His state's awards include 5th and 4th Classes of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd Class of the Order of Merit, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Order of the Badge of Honour, Order for Personal Courage, and Personal Firing Weapon. "	 Durdynets is an honorary professor of the National Academy of Internal Affairs.	male
"After his time with the Volunteers, he spent two years after that as the quarterbacks coach at Southeast Missouri State. "	 Gruden then moved to the University of the Pacific in 1989 as offensive assistant as the tight ends coach.	male
Hester dropped out on day three after a bout of gastroenteritis and after Skelton accidentally kicked his toenail off. 	" Skelton, also a comedy writer, was chosen to take part in the flight."	male
"When his term in the Senate ended in 1867, he was nominated to run again, but declined. "	" Dunning gained a national reputation as a lawyer, and was committed to criminal law."	male
"Therapeutic bleeding, routinely employed at the time, was not performed by Shannon's surgeon Mr Alexander Jack, which was to Broke's advantage. "	" The report of the surgeon described the wound as a deep cut on the parietal bone, extending from the top of the head ... towards the left ear, [the bone] penetrated for at least three inches in length."	male
A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing.  	 Hemingway believed a writer could convey an object or concept while writing about something entirely different.	male
"He has served since 2017 as the Chief Editor for Neuroepidemiology in the journal Frontiers in Neurology, and he was Founding Editor – and is currently the Editor Emeritus – for Emergency Medicine Australasia. "	 Jelinek also has the distinction of being the first Professor of Emergency Medicine in Australasia.	male
"In 2014, Pulkki was awarded the Samuel L. Warner Memorial Medal for his significant research work surround and multichannel audio. "	" Pulkki was appointed docent of spatial sound at Aalto University in 2007–2012, an assistant professor in 2012–2015 and a professor in 2015."	male
"He was born at Romford, Essex, to Arthur F Chinnery and his wife Dorothy (née Mills). "	 Chinnery was also an artist and painter.	male
"While there, he was known for taking wagers on the course, presumably betting on himself against all takers of his challenges. "	" Sayers was a golf instructor to royalty, nobility and fellow professionals."	male
"In 2002 he described the effect of the editorship on his life: It cost me many thousand hours of unpaid labour, a hideous character assassination in Private Eye, three lawsuits, two interrogations, one expulsion, the loss of a university career in Britain, unendingly contemptuous reviews, Tory suspicion, and the hatred of decent liberals everywhere. "	 The 1980s established Scruton as a prolific writer.	male
"The penalty for an offence was determined according to two factors: The local magistrate acted as examiner and sometimes as investigator, but his final role in legal cases was to determine the proper penalty for the offense that had been committed: he had to fix the nature of the offense as defined by the code, and to increase or reduce the associated penalty depending on the social relation between offender and victim. "	" While questioning a witness, the magistrate would look closely for five kinds of behavior: the person's statements, expression, breathing, reaction to the words of the judge, and eyes."	male
"Hiller’s regime at Cologne was strongly marked by his conservative tastes, which he attempted to prolong by recommending, as his successor in 1884, either Brahms or Bruch. "	" Hiller was elected a member of the Prussian Academy of Arts in 1849, and in 1868 received the title of doctor from the University of Bonn."	male
"After his stint as the host of Wake Up America on the fledgling network, McCuddy joined Fox News in 1996 as a regular contributor to various programming on the network. "	 For a brief time McCuddy was also a writer for Saturday Night Live.	male
"He is the founder, advisor, and former chairman of Ibbotson Associates, now a Morningstar Company. "	" Professor Ibbotson conducts research on a broad range of financial topics, including popularity, liquidity, investment returns, mutual funds, international markets, portfolio management, and valuation."	male
"His work in the foundations of geometry predates the similar, but more popular, work of David Hilbert by about a decade. "	 Fano was an early writer in the area of finite projective spaces.	male
Vijaypat Singhania replaced him as the new sheriff on 18 December 2005. 	 Hegde is a dental surgeon.	male
Gopalam (Srikanth) performs tapas and gets Radha (Sneha) as his wife. 	 Gopalam is an assistant public prosecutor.	male
"Moses Kiptanui (born October 1, 1970) is a Kenyan middle and long distance athlete mostly famous for 3,000 m steeplechase in which he was the number one ranked athlete from 1991 to 1995 and three time IAAF World Champion. "	 Kiptanui emerged in 1991 as a relatively unknown athlete.	male
"Although Mergelyan introduced to defend the Ph.D. dissertation, all three official opponents - Academician Lavrent'ev, Sergei Mikhailovich Nikol'skii and Corresponding Member Alexander Osipovich Gelfоnd - petitioned the Academic Council to award him the Doctor of Science degree. "	" The petition of opponents was satisfied (for this it was necessary to call the members of the scientific council, which took time), and Mergelyan became the youngest doctor of physical and mathematical sciences in the USSR at the age of 20 (at 21)."	male
That was why he loved Tolstoy so much. 	 Bunin has often been spoken of as a cold writer.	male
"On December 5, 2005, after PD Su-cheop stirred a national controversy, Cheong Wa Dae reaffirmed its unflinching support for Hwang and his research team. "	" Roh said, We'll continue to support Professor Hwang."	male
"His own works included mannerist mythological subjects, but also portraits and genre paintings influenced by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, such as the Kermis in the Hermitage Museum. "	" As a writer van Mander worked in various genres: drama, poetry, songs, biography and art theory."	male
"Michael Kelly, who edited some of Glass's concocted stories, blamed himself, rather than the fact-checkers, saying: Any fact-checking system is built on trust ... "	" Anyway, the real vetting system is not fact-checking but the editor."	male
He has also won awards for his reporting on gun violence and the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests. 	 Lahman was a senior editor for Total Sports Publishing from 1999 to 2001.	male
"He wrote two one-act plays, Paper Toilet and Cold Beer, around 1979. "	 The latter examines the role of the dramatist and writer through an alter-ego protagonist.	male
"Hermann Müller, a Social Democrat heavily influenced by his father, an advocate of Ludwig Feuerbach's views, is the only German chancellor who was not a member of any religion. "	" From 1899 to 1906, Müller worked as an editor at the Socialist newspaper Görlitzer Volkswacht."	male
"Most of his family members were murdered in the Holocaust, including his father. "	 Reisinger initially lived in a transit camp and then worked as a house painter in order to earn money from almost any source.	male
"He said he had known Nicholas Jacobs all his life and had seen him attack Blakelock with a mini sword or similar, making repeated stabbing motions toward Blakelock. "	 The defence lawyer told the court that Q was a fantasist.	male
"He was offered the position but turned it down, and it was offered to Max Born. "	" From 1914 to 1919, Laue was at the University of Frankfurt as ordinarius professor of theoretical physics."	male
"His son Naweej expanded the empire further and is known as the first Lunda emperor, with the title Mwata Yamvo (mwaant yaav, mwant yav), the Lord of Vipers. "	 The mwata yamvo assigned a cilool or kilolo (royal adviser) and tax collector to each state conquered.	male
"Sanneh further classified the song as classic Evanescence, which according to him meant bombastic, meticulously produced... [and] unreasonably addictive. "	" The writer went on to describe the song's chorus as grandiose and its bridge as glorious, glimmering."	male
"Following his admission to the bar, Untermyer started practicing in New York City. "	 Untermyer gained fame as a lawyer focusing on corporate law.	male
"At the conclusion of the season, Bellof contested the Formula Ford Festival at Brands Hatch, but was excluded from the meeting after finishing sixth in his quarter-final heat, for excessive contact. "	" Bellof made a promise to the meeting's clerk of the course, saying that the official had better watch my career, because I'll be back here next year and I'll win my first Formula 2 race."	male
"He was a very productive artist who seldom made use of mythological themes or human figures, and when he did, always accompanied them with animals or animal friezes. "	 Besides the Gorgon Painter the painters of the Komast Group (585–570 BC) should be mentioned.	male
"He is generally known as the most prolific guitarist of the 17th century, publishing seven books during his lifetime. "	 Granata was a barber-surgeon by profession.	male
"He received his Ph.D. in history from Columbia University in New York, working with David Herbert Donald. "	" McWhiney became a noted specialist on the American Civil War era, as well as southern social and economic history."	male
"The publication (1710) of engravings based on these drawings made Nattier famous, but he declined to proceed to the French Academy in Rome, though he had taken the first prize at the Paris Academy at the age of fifteen. "	 Nattier aspired to be a history painter.	male
"Prior to going to Notre Dame, McBrien taught at Boston College, where he was director of the Institute of Religious Education and Pastoral Ministry. "	 McBrien published 25 books and was the general editor of the Encyclopedia of Catholicism.	male
"Although he died on 13 February 1987, Grunander was inducted posthumously into the IIHF Hall of Fame as a builder in 1997. "	 Grunander also worked in financial law off the ice and briefly as the IIHF auditor.	male
"He later became a professor, before becoming an actor. "	 Agashe served as a professor of Psychiatry at the B. J.	male
"Kieft had his second and last abroad experience in 1990, joining FC Girondins de Bordeaux from France and again underachieving, returning to PSV and playing three more seasons until his retirement, averaging more than 11 goals in his second spell with the latter. "	" Kieft rejoined PSV in 2009, being named assistant coach of the club's youth sides."	male
A. O. Preus II was the eighth president of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) and drew fame for his role in the church schism of the 1970s known as Seminex. 	 A. O. Preus was a politician who served as Minnesota's eighth state auditor and 20th governor.	male
A physician had his clinic on the first floor and a joiner who possibly worked for the piano factory was based on the second floor. 	 The physician on the first floor was eventually succeeded by two lawyers.	male
"In 1949, Hamill attended the prestigious Regis High School in Manhattan, but he left school when he was 15 to work as an apprentice sheet metal worker in the Brooklyn Navy Yard; 59 years later, in June 2010, Regis awarded him an honorary diploma. "	" Hamill attended night classes at the School of Visual Arts (then called the Cartoonists and Illustrators School), with the goal of becoming a painter."	male
"During his final illness, he was given the honorary title of Canon of St. "	" Ellerton was best known as a hymnologist, editor, hymn-writer and translator."	male
"He was married to Susan with whom he had eight children: Marguel, Jobaner, Rhudiza, Jarrel, Emily Rose, Pachel Baron, Rudyard James and Erna Sue. "	" A prolific writer, Lariosa wrote 300 poems, 140 stories, dramas, and novels."	male
"There he launched the Telus Transformation Office to improve workplace culture and the Telus MBA, a customized executive MBA tailored for promising employees at University of Victoria's Peter B. Gustavson School of Business. "	 Pontefract also serves as an adjunct professor at the business school.	male
"For his post-secondary education, he attended Al-Azhar University and a French law school in Cairo. "	" By working as a Europeanized lawyer, Zaghloul gained both wealth and status in a traditional framework of upward mobility."	male
"He was educated at Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield before attending Hertford College, Oxford, where he obtained a BA in Geography. "	 Greaves was the mover--rather than author--of a motion at the Liberal Assembly in 1970 which committed the Liberal Party to pursuing community politics.	male
"In October 1977, he emigrated to the United States and was offered a position at the Naval Underwater Systems Center. "	 This position is that of a senior scientist and technical specialist on the staff of the Associate Technical Director for Research and Technology with the responsibility to insure the development of a comprehensive and balanced technology base within the Center.	male
Professor Hirotaro Narabayashi and his colleagues were the first researchers to carry out stereotactic amygdalotomy for the treatment of abnormal aggression and hyperexcitability in a series of 60 patients with psychological disturbances. 	" The procedure was performed under a stereotactic frame devised by Professor Narabayashi and involved the administration 0.6-0.8ml mixture of oil-wax to destroy the lateral groups of the amygdala nucleus, localized via pneumoencephalography."	male
"His early training was with the late mannerist painter Cavalier d'Arpino, and he worked under the classicizing Francesco Albani. "	" However, Mola is considered to have been better as a painter of small pictures, especially landscapes."	male
He graduated magna cum laude from Yale University. 	 Berlitz was a writer on paranormal phenomena.	male
He was later elected to the Berlin Academy in 1746 and a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1748. 	" When the Encyclopédie was organised in the late 1740s, d'Alembert was engaged as co-editor (for mathematics and science) with Diderot, and served until a series of crises temporarily interrupted the publication in 1757."	male
"He lives in suburban Chicago, Illinois, with his wife, Susan, and their four sons. "	" A journalist, writer and film producer."	male
"In the early stages of the film, Grandpa Hugo was to have been revealed as the murderous Dr. Satan, who at the time was simply referred to as the mad doctor. "	" The legend of the mad doctor was to be a ploy by the Firefly family to lure victims in, though this idea was later scrapped."	male
He played 19 games for the Bombers in two seasons. 	 Camporeale was an assistant coach at Essendon from 2007 to 2010.	male
Shortly before his death he was elected as an Academician of the Social Sciences. 	 Wragg was a prolific writer.	male
"In spite of his short stature and slight build, President McLean was an athlete and hero to most of the student athletes at the school. "	 Professor McLean was generous in extending financial aid to students.	male
"The expression parasaito shinguru was first used by Professor Masahiro Yamada of Tokyo Gakugei University in his bestselling book The Age of Parasite Singles (パラサイトシングルの時代, parasaito shinguru no jidai), published in October 1999. "	 Professor Yamada subsequently coined the related term parasite couple to refer to married children living with the parents of one partner.	male
Praxiteles and his school worked almost entirely in Parian marble. 	" Some of the statues of Praxiteles were coloured by the painter Nicias, and in the opinion of the sculptor they gained greatly by this treatment."	male
"In Texas, a physician who voluntarily assisted in the delivery of an infant, and who proved that he had no expectation of remuneration, had no liability for the infant's injuries due to allegedly ordinary negligence; there was uncontroverted testimony that neither he nor any doctor in Travis County would have charged a fee to [the mother] or any other person under the circumstances of this case. "	" It was significant that the doctor was not an employee of the attending physician, but was only visiting the hospital and had responded to a Dr. Stork page, and had not asked or expected to be paid."	male
"On the other hand, a physician may be required to act in the interest of third parties if his patient is a danger to others. "	 Failure to do so may lead to legal action against the physician.	male
"In 1949, he moved to Paris and exhibited work throughout France, Germany and Switzerland.[citation needed] He then moved to Alba, near Avignon, where he remained until 1955. "	 Obregón is primarily a painter.	male
"During his time on the National Security Council of President Bush, he was involved in several Iraq strategy reviews, including the one that led to the 2007 surge strategy. "	" As a professor, Feaver has been the recipient of numerous teaching awards."	male
"He then went to St Catherine's College at the University of Oxford where he read Philosophy, Politics and Economics. "	" After Oxford, Mabey worked as a lecturer in Social Studies in Further Education at Dacorum College, Hemel Hempstead, then as a Senior Editor at Penguin Books."	male
"In 1960, together with his wife Margarete Mitscherlich he was a co-founder of the Sigmund-Freud-Institut at Frankfurt committed to psychoanalytic research. "	 From 1966 to 1973 Mitscherlich was professor for psychology at Frankfurt University.	male
"Aged 34, Sirakov was also picked for UEFA Euro 1996 in England, playing the last of his 78 matches (24 goals) on 13 June, against Romania, after replacing Lyuboslav Penev in a 1–0 win. "	" Immediately after retiring from international play, Sirakov served as assistant to the national team, appearing with it at the 1998 World Cup."	male
The film follows the story of an American master chemist (Jackson) who heads to Britain to sell his formula for a powerful new drug. 	 All does not go as planned and the chemist soon becomes entangled in a web of deceit.	male
Ishikawa is a banker and the former chairman of Chubu Bank and the Teisan Group. 	 Ishikawa was briefly a stamp collector as a child.	male
"The Boogie Woogie Bakery Man, performed by the Sister Sisters (Betty Allan, Diane Pendleton and Gloria Wood), had a structure and arrangement closely styled after The Andrews Sisters' hit song, Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy. "	 The song itself is about an oriental baker of fortune cookies.	male
He was later appointed as dean in 1891. 	 Birge became known as a scientist and administrator.	male
"The idea for a single archive to preserve the records of New York City's vibrant trade union movement was first advanced in the early 1970s by Stephen Charney Vladeck, son of Socialist trade union activist Baruch Charney Vladeck. "	" Vladeck, a prominent labor lawyer, was concerned about inadequate scholarship and teaching about the history of the labor movement and saw the need for establishment of a central repository for historical documents."	male
Received a title of People's Artist of Russia and was nicknamed the Godfather of the Russian piano school. 	 Naumov was a professor of piano at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory and a jury member in many international competitions.	male
"But his principal work is the famous altar-piece in the sacristy of San Lorenzo, in the Escorial, representing the 'Adoration of the Miraculous Host.' "	" It is an immense composition, and occupied the painter seven years."	male
"The Dialogue was written by Richard FitzNeal, the son of Nigel of Ely, who was Treasurer for both Henry I and Henry II of England. "	" According to the Dialogue, the Pipe rolls were the responsibility of the clerk of the Treasurer, who was called the Clerk of the Pipe and later the clerk of the pells."	male
"When he was transferred to Broadmoor Hospital in 1864, the notes taken on his arrival describe him as apparently sane. "	" Oxford continued to be orderly and well-behaved at Broadmoor, working as a wood grainer and painter."	male
"Truxillo claimed that his firing was because of his radical beliefs and argued, Tenure is based on a vote from my colleagues. "	 Few are in favor of a Chicano professor advocating a Chicano nation state.	male
"George Arliss, as the title character of the 1929 film Disraeli, rides a dandy-horse through a London park until he collides with a pedestrian. "	" This occurs in the opening scene of the film, set in the 1830s, when Disraeli was still a writer and a famous dandy."	male
"He had a son, S. Parthasarathy. and a daughter, Ambujammal who was the founder of the Srinivasa Gandhi Nilayam. "	 Parthasarathy studied law and practised as a lawyer before becoming an entrepreneur.	male
"He has regularly appeared on BBC Local Radio, and has also written a biweekly column for the Worcester News. "	" Serrell is an avid collector, living in a house full of tat."	male
Taalat was quoted in an interview that he had completed many screenplays and looks forward to directing a feature film in the future. 	 Pursuing a film career is definitely in the works as both writer and director.	male
"Ten years after his appointment to the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center, Kurland was appointed to Research Associate in Psychiatry at the University of Maryland Medical School, in January 1977. "	 Kurland also served as a Research Professor at Johns Hopkins University.	male
"Was archbishop for a long time, into his old age. "	" Was knowledgeable in several subjects, and was professor of astronomy and logistics at Uppsala University."	male
"Architecture itself moves, he told a biographer, and, with a little chance, becomes a magnificent ruin. "	 Calatrava is also a sculptor and painter.	male
"According to Frankland himself, his interest in chemistry was furthered by a case held in the court of Lancaster Castle, which was adjacent to the Free Grammar School (then located on Castle Hill, Lancaster). "	" Frankland wished to become a doctor, but the cost of training was absolutely prohibitive."	male
"In 2001 in Götzis he became the first decathlete ever to achieve over 9,000 points, setting the record at 9,026 points, succeeding his compatriot, Tomáš Dvořák, who had scored 8,994 points two years earlier. "	 Tradition dictates the winner of the decathlon holds the title of World's Greatest Athlete.	male
"In 1948 Heilman joined the University of Washington faculty, as chair of the English department, which he led until his retirement in 1971. "	" Heilman contributed for 60 years to the Sewanee Review, and was an advisory editor for nearly 30 years."	male
"Born in Sendai, Japan, in 1949, Masayoshi Esashi received his B.E. degree in electronic engineering in 1971 and a Doctor of Engineering degree in 1976 at Tohoku University. "	" Esashi served as a research associate from 1976 and an associate professor from 1981 at the Department of Electronic Engineering, Tohoku University."	male
What's worse is that the people's trust in Zinga diminishes since the patients he tried to cure all die. 	" Therefore, the witch doctor come up with a task of bringing the rain."	male
"Percy T. Heady (1889 – 21 July 1966) was a British trade union official who briefly led his union, and also served on the National Executive Committee of the Labour Party. "	" Heady worked as a railway clerk, and joined the Railway Clerks' Association (RCA) in 1908."	male
Once his mother discovered and read his notes. 	" Before becoming a writer, Kuznetsov studied ballet and acting, tried painting and music, worked as a carpenter, road builder, concrete worker, helped build the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant on the Dniper river, and worked on the Irkutsk and Bratsk hydroelectric power plants in Siberia."	male
"Euthymides was a rival of his fellow Athenian Euphronios, and one of his amphorae is additionally marked with the playful taunt hos oudepote Euphronios, words which have been variously interpreted as as never Euphronios [could do], or this wasn't one of Euphronios. "	" Only eight vessels signed by Euthymides survive, six signed as painter, and two as potter."	male
"As a result, McVeigh was suspended from involvement in football for twenty-four months, which (due to back-dating and time served in provisional suspensions) saw him suspended until November 2016. "	 The terms of the suspension meant that McVeigh was unable to continue assistant coaching role during 2016.	male
"He obtained a law degree Rigorosum, the oral part of the doctoral examination in 1865, in Vienna, since at the time he was already employed and had been practicing. "	" Thanks to the certificate issued by Miklosich stating that besides being a native speaker of Serbian and Italian (Bogišić) speaks all other Slavic languages, after obtaining a PhD in Giessen, in 1862/63 Bogišić was hired as an administrator of the Slavia Department at the Viennese court library."	male
"He married Eva Zepeda in 1964, with whom he had four children. "	" Nishizawa was a painter, engraver, graphic artist, sketch artist and ceramicist."	male
"A few days later, he was called up by the army, effective November. "	" Still in poor health and unfit for service at the front, Streeruwitz spent the war as an administrator."	male
They later moved to Western Australia where he attended Perth High School (now known as Hale School). 	 Bessell-Browne first job was as a clerk in the patents office in 1896.	male
"The report included acknowledgements that Sangharakshita did not always recognise the power imbalance between student and teacher, and that he was not always willing or able to have meaningful dialogue after the sexual involvement had ended. "	" Sangharakshita has been described as among the first Westerners who devoted their life to the practice as well as the spreading of Buddhism and also as a prolific writer, translator, and practitioner of Buddhism."	male
The native of South Dakota worked for the Oregon Department of Transportation from 1919 to 1935 and 1937 until he died in 1946. 	 McCullough also was a professor at Oregon State University.	male
"When the Redskins advanced to Super Bowl XXVI, Kornheiser and his Post colleagues Jeanne McManus and Norman Chad drove in a 38-foot recreational vehicle decorated as the Bandwagon for a 1,200-mile journey to Minneapolis, Minnesota. "	 Kornheiser later described the Bandwagon columns as the most fun I ever had as a writer.	male
"In The Empty Child, a hospital doctor named Dr. Constantine says to him, Before this war began, I was a father and a grandfather. "	 But I'm still a doctor.	male
He and his wife were active members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 	 Faleomavaega served as the administrative assistant to American Samoa Delegate A.U.	male
"Following his football coaching career, he received a medical degree from the University of Maryland School of Medicine in 1907, and entered into medical practice in his hometown of Raleigh. "	" During World War I, McKee achieved the rank of major in the American Expeditionary Forces as a field surgeon with the 1st Gas Regiment."	male
"In late November 1937, Michalske returned to Lafayette College for his second year as the head coach of the basketball team. "	 Michalske was hired as an assistant football coach and scout for the Cardinals.	male
Many of his articles and books discuss the influence of emotion on nonverbal communication as well as the effect of those expressions and gestures back onto emotions. 	" Professor Plutchik's work on oculesics includes studies on the synthesis of facial expressions, which look for connections between expressions in the eye along with expressions from the forehead and mouth."	male
"He has also worked to explain archaeology and Aztec civilization to the public through lectures, writings, and museum exhibits, and was an interviewee for the Harvard Gazette in 2018 on the topic of ancient Aztec religion. "	" Professor Matos has received many honors and awards, both in Mexico and in other countries."	male
"Lehane returned as a writer for the fourth season in 2006 and wrote the teleplay for the episode Refugees, from a story he co-wrote with producer Ed Burns. "	 Lehane served as a writer for the fifth and final season in 2008 and was credited with the episode Clarifications.	male
"Supek became the first president of the Yugoslav Society of Psychologists, and for a period he was the president of the Yugoslav Society of Sociologists. "	 Supek was chief editor of the journal Pogledi (Viewpoints) which was published from 1952 to 1954.	male
"Albee insisted that he did not want to be known as a gay writer, saying in his acceptance speech for the 2011 Lambda Literary Foundation's Pioneer Award for Lifetime Achievement: A writer who happens to be gay or lesbian must be able to transcend self. "	 I am a writer who happens to be gay.	male
"There he played for the baseball and basketball teams, and provided illustrations for the Makio, the school's student yearbook. "	" Despite these opportunities in athletics and commercial art, Bellows desired success as a painter."	male
"He later took a job as a clerk at a pulp and paper mill in Liverpool, Nova Scotia, where he began his writing career. "	" Raddall was a prolific, award-winning writer."	male
Learning that he lost the inventor status motivated Väisälä to publish his less than perfect designs. 	" Professor Väisälä not only designed the new optics, but also built several implementations of the design after Schmidt's publication."	male
"He has been a lecturer at Heidelberg University since 1977, where he became a professor in 2008, and gives tutorials in medical entomology und oncology at its Zoological Institute. "	" As a professor, Beccker supervises doctoral students in entomology (e.g."	male
"He graduated B. Sc. at Geneva in 1829, and pursued his studies for a short time at Paris, where under the influence of Georges Cuvier, de Blainville and others, he worked at natural history and comparative anatomy. "	" Five years later, when de Candolle retired, Pictet was appointed professor of zoology and comparative anatomy."	male
"In August 1860 his first son, Annada Datta, was born, followed by the death of his young wife ten months later. "	" After a short tenure at a lucrative position as the head clerk at the Bardhaman revenue collector's office, Kedarnath felt morally compromised as well as insecure with the position of a rent collector, settling for a less profitable but more agreeable occupation as a clerk elsewhere."	male
"In 2019, he was made a Distinguished University Research Professor in the Department of Building, Civil and Environmental Engineering. "	" Haghighat serves as a subject matter expert on various national and international committees, and Editor Board member of several international scientific journals."	male
His close friend Tom Driberg 	" The Mirror backed down, sacked its editor, apologised and paid Boothby £40,000 in an out-of-court settlement."	male
"He attained his bachelor's degree in biology from the University of Kansas in 1984 and went on to receive his Ph.D. at the University of Miami in 1991, studying under herpetologist Jay M. Savage. "	" Slowinski was a founder of the first online herpetological journal, Contemporary Herpetology, and served as its editor-in-chief."	male
In 1868 he founded the Allgemeinen Evangelisch-Lutherischen Konferenz. 	" A strictly orthodox theologian and a clear writer, Luthardt became widely appreciated as the author of apologetic lectures."	male
"Pearlman was the Schulich Distinguished Chair of music at McGill University in Montreal, specializing in the programs in music theory, sound recording and music technology; he later served as Centenary Fellow at the McLuhan Center for Culture and Technology at the University of Toronto, where he co-taught a course on Digital Media Distribution. "	" As a Professor and as a public speaker, Pearlman lectured on the architecture of the music industry, strategies for re-monetizing music downloads, and the history and future of music."	male
"After many attempts to expunge the three hostages, they are captured and sent to a dungeon, wherein Johnny finds Dr Edwards and John Bowman kidnapped by Ziska and his cronies. "	 Ziska had been a great surgeon who went mad and began to perform unorthodox operations.	male
"He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for his masters and doctorate degrees, graduating in 1967 and 1970 respectively. "	" From 1970 until 1975, Patil was assistant professor of electrical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology."	male
He also ghost-wrote the Petrovs' book Empire of Fear. 	 Thwaites left ASIO in 1971 to become Assistant Parliamentary Librarian.	male
"In his Daytona 500 Qualifying Race, he spun on lap 44 and finished 25th, failing to make the 500. "	" Cook served as the Whelen Modified Series' director when it began in 1985, and is currently NASCAR's Competition Administrator."	male
In 1940  he sued the New York Graphic Society for reproducing a painting without his permission. 	" While initially the ruling went against the painter, it was eventually reversed; the decision now protects artists' creative works."	male
"He would do crazy actions, just so he could get the final hit with a flick to the wrist or such a simple movement that the audience would gasp at his audacity. "	 By the 1970s the lightning-fast tearaway had been replaced by a supreme technician with the footwork of a dancer.	male
He appeared as a teacher in the romantic comedy Breathing Room/'Til Christmas (1996). 	 Spreckman's Boat (also 1996) was an ensemble piece which featured Futterman as a smarmy doctor in an interracial relationship.	male
"In addition to novelisations, he wrote many nostalgic novels set in London, prompted by the success of his autobiographical radio drama series Our Family. "	 Pemberton first worked on the programme in 1967 as Assistant Script Editor and was promoted to the role of Script Editor during the production of the story The Tomb of the Cybermen.	male
He then studied astronomy in Göttingen and Königsberg. 	" From 1832 to 1849, Steinheil was professor for mathematics and physics at the University of Munich."	male
Hébert was a radical and wasn't after to publish his opinion and used profane language in the majority of his published pieces. 	" The editor had followers who called themselves, Hébertists."	male
"At the age of 16, Professor Shonku received his BSc degree with honours in two subjects, Physics and Chemistry. "	 Professor Shonku is a polyglot who knows 69 languages.	male
"The images that he created with his bubble chamber brought recognition of the importance of his device, and he was able to get funding to continue experimenting with larger chambers. "	 Glaser accepted an offer to become a Professor of Physics there in 1959.	male
"He was a pastor in Münster and Dortmund before he was forced, in 1943, to join the Wehrmacht. "	 From 1947 to 1949 Bornkamm was a professor at the University of Göttingen from 1949 to 1971 and professor of New Testament at the University of Heidelberg.	male
"Little is known of his personal life, but he was an esteemed painter in Perugia before Perugino, who is said to be his pupil. "	 Bonfigli as a painter was heavily influenced by Fra Angelico.	male
He married Martha Thiel (1872-1949) at Brandenburg in 1891. 	 From 1897 to 1902 Noske was politically active at the local level and worked as an editor at social democratic newspapers in Brandenburg and Königsberg (Volkstribüne).	male
"To help reduce anxiety and increase patient comfort, men who have an aversion to needles may consider a no-needle application of anesthesia while the 'no-scalpel' or 'open-ended' techniques help to accelerate recovery times and increase the chance of healthy recovery. "	" After a short recovery at the doctor's office (usually less than an hour), the patient is sent home to rest."	male
"Because of his victories, his subordinates (mostly Belarusian, Cossack, and Polish volunteers) nicknamed him ataman, though some preferred to use the term Bat'ko – father. "	 Bułak-Bałachowicz became the military administrator of Pskov.	male
"He has regularly taught courses on Microeconomics, International Finance, and Economic Growth. "	 Felbermayr is an associate editor for the European Economic Review and the International Review of Economics and Finance.	male
"Despite rejecting Justice Foster's reasoning, Justice Tatting cannot bring himself to reach the alternative view, that the defendants' convictions should be upheld. "	" Concluding with a criticism of the prosecutor for deciding to bring the prosecution in the first place, the judge makes the unprecedented decision of withdrawing from the case."	male
František and his group retrained on Polish aircraft at Dęblin airbase in Małopolska. 	" František was made an instructor, flying obsolescent Potez 25, Breguet 19, PWS-26, RWD 8, RWD-14 Czapla and Lublin R-XIII aircraft."	male
"In its obituary of Oosterbaan, The Sporting News described him as a phenomenal student-athlete who in his senior year at Michigan was captain of the football team, led the Big Ten Conference in scoring in basketball and was the league's leading hitter in baseball, a sport he had not pursued while in high school. "	 Oosterbaan was both a scholar and an athlete.	male
"Among his many public lectures, Smythe gave several to the Royal Geographical Society, his first in 1931 titled Explorations in Garhwal around Kamet and his second in 1947 titled An Expedition to the Lloyd George Mountains, North-East British Columbia. "	 Smythe was a prodigious writer and produced many popular books.	male
"As a teenager in 1954, Toole made his first trip out of Louisiana to Philadelphia, New York City, and Washington, D.C. on a field trip. "	" Toole became the editor of the news section of the school newspaper, and maintained high marks throughout high school."	male
Numerous articles published in world's most respected journals in the area of energy management make professor Milorad Bojic one of the top scientists and lecturers in his area of expertise. 	" Professor Bojic has rich research experience in various fields including energy recovery, thermal comfort, finite-time thermodynamics, Integration, thermo economy, Global warming, air conditioning engineering, etc."	male
Heymann is most known for his 1988 design of an environmentally friendly house for then Governor of Texas George W. 	 Heymann is a contributing writer for Places Journal.	male
"And one lucky ducky wrote to the Journal editor, offering to share his luck (in a form of logical argument sometimes known as a modest proposal): I will spend a year as a Wall Street Journal editor, while one lucky editor will spend a year in my underpaid shoes. "	" I will receive an editor's salary, and suffer the outrage of paying federal income tax on that salary."	male
"Wrenfordsley qualified as a solicitor, became a journeyman lawyer in Dublin and at the English Bar, called to the bar on 30 April 1863, he was junior counsel for the Privy Council office in House of Commons inquiries into the foreign cattle market. "	 Wrenfordsley later joined the colonial service and was appointed as a puisne judge at Mauritius in 1877.	male
"The first band he saw live was Yes at Usher Hall, Edinburgh, in 1974. "	" Fish worked as a petrol pump attendant, gardener, and from 1977 until 1980 worked in forestry at the Bowhill Estate in Selkirk."	male
"From that year until his death, eight years later in Rome, he was honorary president of the PCI. "	 Longo was also a prolific writer.	male
"In all, he wrote more than 100 books. "	" Sengupta was closely associated with the famous magazine Kallol, and was its editor for some time."	male
Resident Friedrich Muench became known for his expertise in the cultivation of grapes and wine making. 	 Muench was a prominent writer and lecturer and wrote a number of books.	male
"After receiving his PhD, he applied successfully for an academic position at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). "	 Viterbi was later a professor of electrical engineering at UCLA and UCSD.	male
"Claiming a success rate of 50 percent, he presented the results at the Berlin Medical Congress and published a report, but the response from his medical peers was hostile and he did no further operations. "	" While generally treating these endeavours favorably, in their consideration of psychosurgery they reserved unremitting scorn for Burckhardt's surgical experiments of 1888 and opined that it was extraordinary that a trained medical doctor could undertake such an unsound procedure."	male
The accused was brought before Sir John Powell at the Assize Court at Hertford on 4 March 1712. 	 The judge was clearly more sceptical than the jury of the evidence presented.	male
"Although details of his early life are scant, he lost his father and brother sometime in the Mexican War of Independence and fled to the United States where he became fluent in the English language. "	 Mexía became active in government service as Secretary of State for Tamaulipas and the Tuxpan customs collector.	male
"According to the Suda, the massive tenth century Byzantine Greek historical encyclopaedia, he was the son of Socles, but was adopted by Lycus of Rhegium. "	 Lycophron is also said to have been a skilful writer of anagrams.	male
"In 1880 Nettleship was invited to India by the Gaekwar of Baroda, for whom he painted a cheetah hunt as well as an equestrian portrait. "	 Nettleship was far more than a painter.	male
"Raymond instructed his loyal vassals to acknowledge King Amalric of Jerusalem (r. 1163–1174), who had succeeded Baldwin III, as the lawful ruler of Tripoli for the duration of his captivity. "	" Amalric hurried to Tripoli and took full responsibility for its government, assuming the title of administrator of the county of Tripoli."	male
For many years Kazakov worked on a translation into Russian of a Kazakh novel devoted to World War I and the Civil War on the Aral Sea [and] some of his own works were published in Kazakhstan. 	" The writer considered simple but important problems of birth and death, suicide and suffering."	male
"In 1982, he was arrested for anti-Soviet activity and sentenced for 3 years in exile in the Komi Republic. "	 1997--co-founder and editor-en-chief of internet magazine Russian journal.	male
"In the United States, first he was organist and professor of music at Valparaiso University. "	" While still a professor at the University of Minnesota, Fleischer took on the role of organist at The First Unitarian Society in Minneapolis."	male
The Picture below states the Division of Property of Seth Kushal Das amongst his 5 sons Seth Kushaldas and his son Pribhdas had received many Afrin Namas from the British Government. 	 Both of them were granted chairs in the Darbar of the Commissioner in Sind and Collector of Nawabshah.	male
"Many of his columns have been collected into anthology books including Live Albom I (Detroit Free Press, 1988), Live Albom II (Detroit Free Press, 1990), Live Albom III (Detroit Free Press, 1992), and Live Albom IV (Detroit Free Press, 1995). "	 Albom also serves as a contributing editor to Parade magazine.	male
"Investigating a chemical leak from the floor above, he discovers that the inhabitant directly overhead is a strange, old, and reclusive physician. "	" The doctor demonstrates supreme medical skill, and saves the narrator with a combination of medications."	male
"Throughout his tenure, Gude had private pupils in addition to his normal classes. "	" As a professor Gude taught six hours of class, held two hours of office hours, took turns with other professors supervising the nude drawing class and attended staff meetings."	male
"He has conflated Discovery Institute's position with that of the Dover school board, and he totally misrepresents intelligent design and the motivations of the scientists who research it. "	 Newspapers have noted that the judge is a Republican and a churchgoer.	male
He was from noble family of Lubicz coat of arms. 	 Wróblewski was a notable lawyer and docent of administration and administrative law at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	male
He would study at the University of Manitoba where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1930. 	" As a career lawyer, MacMillan joined Canadian National Railways in 1937 as a solicitor in the company's Winnipeg, Manitoba office."	male
"A theoretical chemist, he received his bachelor's degree in chemistry and physics at Harvard University (summa cum laude) and his Ph.D. in chemistry in 1975 from the University of California, Berkeley. "	" As a research chemist, Oxtoby is author or co-author of more than 165 scientific articles on subjects such as light scattering, chemical reaction dynamics and phase transitions."	male
"In 1896 he became a regular member of the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts, and was an honourable doctor of the University of Prague and an external member of the Czech Academy of Sciences. "	" Klaić wrote for the weekly Hrvatska lipa of the Croatian Party of Rights and was the editor of Vienac for several years (1882–1889), founded an orchestra and conducted it, promoting Croatian music."	male
The trial judge returned a verdict which found the three men guilty of travelling on false passports and they were given varying sentences of up to 44 months. 	" They were found not guilty on the more serious charges relating to training FARC rebels; however, the judge ordered their release upon payment of fines equivalent to £3,800."	male
"In the comedy Storken (= stork, 1895), that is playing in Kristiania (the former name of Oslo) at the end of the 19th century, a naïve clerk tries to establish contacts to the high society but he is often deceived by a royal authorized representative, who takes advantage of his ignorance. "	 Only at the end the clerk finds out the truth.	male
"After 1931, he was renamed Assistant Commissioner D and became responsible for policy and planning. "	" By the end of World War II, Assistant Commissioner A (Operations and Administration) was responsible for all uniformed police, including specialist units, except traffic police, which were under Assistant Commissioner B (Traffic)."	male
"In a closed trial, he was denied the right to examine evidence and to call witnesses. "	 Orlov's summation was interrupted many times by the judge and the prosecutor and by spectators who shouted spy and traitor.	male
"Peter William Likins (born July 4, 1936) was president of the University of Arizona from 1997 until his retirement in summer 2006. "	" At each of these universities, Likins was a professor of engineering."	male
"He produced small landscapes, portraits, or street scenes, and began to work in imitation of the French painter Jean-Baptiste Greuze.[citation needed] His scene from the Gordon Riots of 1780 was engraved by James Heath; this was noted as one of his best, but was lost to a fire. "	" It is, however, as a painter, in both oil and water-color, of landscapes and rustic subjects that Wheatley is best remembered."	male
"On February 15, 2015, Pavel Voitov and Artur Narcissov attacked a janitor in Vykhino, but he actively resisted. "	" The criminals were forced to flee, and the janitor was able to testify and describe them."	male
"In 2000, he was the first to win to this debut prize again, but this time under his heteronym Marek van der Jagt, for the novel De geschiedenis van mijn kaalheid (The Story of My Baldness). "	 Grunberg is a prolific and versatile writer.	male
"Out of fear of his creation destroying him, Professor Weirdo intended to add just a touch of the aforementioned tincture of tenderness to the mold, but Count Kook bumped the Professor's elbow, resulting in too much of the tincture being added to the mix. "	" Professor Weirdo's nemesis was Professor Fruitcake, another mad scientist who lived in a castle on an opposite hill."	male
"When Uhlenbeck went into retirement, Ras was the obvious person to succeed him, So he was appointed professor of Javanese language and literature in 1985. "	" Of special importance for the specialist scholar are a number of lengthy, in-depth studies of aspects of Javanese culture and literature."	male
"Martin Irving Glickman (August 14, 1917 – January 3, 2001) was an American radio announcer who was famous for his broadcasts of the New York Knicks basketball games and the football games of the New York Giants and the New York Jets. "	 Glickman was a noted track and field athlete and football star at Syracuse University.	male
"She conveyed her suspicions to some of her husband's medical colleagues who, after interviewing him and searching the house, found ample proofs of murder and committed him to an asylum. "	 This article comments that the identity of that incarnate fiend was settled some time ago and that the murderer was a demented physician afflicted with wildly uncontrollable erotic mania.	male
"One of his pupils, Helmut Gipper, prominently developed his ideas in modified form, in a series of articles and as co-editor of the Duden Grammatik from the late 1950s onwards. "	" Gipper was also influential as co-editor of an extensive bibliography on Sprachinhaltsforschung, as linguistics broadly within the Weisgerber tradition has come to be known."	male
"While subsequently appearing in Cinderella in Leeds, he collapsed in his dressing room. "	" The attending doctor administered morphine, to which Formby briefly became addicted."	male
The Evening Standard named Tuffrey as one of the thousand most influential Londoners for his work on the environment. 	" Tuffrey is a qualified Chartered Accountant, and has worked as a finance director for a major national charity before starting up a consultancy business, Corporate Citizenship."	male
"In 1913, he created Keeping Up with the Joneses, based on his Nassau County experiences. "	" After retiring from cartooning, Momand became a portrait painter."	male
"Following the incident, he sat as an independent member of the House of Commons, and asked to be recognized as an Independent Conservative. "	" Later, upon being found not guilty for refusing to provide a breath sample, the presiding judge determined the politician was cautious about the request but did not purposefully delay or refuse."	male
"Boomerang releases him, in hopes that Zoom might help him better understand his version of the Entity's message. "	" However, Professor Zoom refused to answer and escaped as Digger was confronted by the Rogues."	male
"In 1812, the author of Biographia Dramatica, called Parsons a comic actor of superlative merit, and added, In the conception and execution of such characters as Foresight, in Love for Love; Corbaccio in Volpone; Sir Fretful Plagiary in The Critic, &c. we never expect to see his equal. "	" Besides being an actor, Parsons was also a painter and a painting judge."	male
"Theodore Cuza, a Jewish history professor living in Bucharest, and his daughter Magda are brought to the keep by SS Sturmbannfuhrer Eric Kaempffer in a desperate attempt to determine what is murdering his men. "	 The professor translates a mysterious message written in blood on a wall that uses a forgotten dialect of Old Romanian or Old Slavonic.	male
"During this time, he collaborated with George S. Klein on a series of experimental sleep and dream studies. "	" A pioneer in the field, Dr. Fiss was principal investigator of one of the first government-funded grants in the field of sleep and dream studies."	male
"In 1985, his first book was published by Imge Publications, titled Bob Marley and Reggae; a biography of Jamaican reggae star and a summary of the Rastafarian movement, slightly emphasising its politics, its elements of anti-imperialism. "	 Eldem was among the founders of the monthly music and counter-culture magazine Studyo Imge (now considered as a cult) and became its first editor in early 1985.	male
"Apart from his academic labours in connection with the history of dogma and of the church, he lived a life of great and varied usefulness as a theologian, a preacher and a citizen; and at his jubilee in 1873, not only the university and town of Basel but also the various churches of Switzerland united to do him honour. "	" Hagenbach was a voluminous author, distinguished as a writer on church history."	male
"During the 1940s and 1950s, he studied at various Peruvian universities and obtained degrees in literature, history, and law. "	" When the Peruvian government decided to reopen an old Catholic seminary in Ayacucho and make it into a modern university dedicated to improving the condition of the region's impoverished native population, Morote joined the new institution as professor of anthropology and vice-rector."	male
"Hawking also describes his life when he was young, and his later experience of motor neurone disease. "	 The book also includes an interview with Professor Hawking.	male
"He also discovered that when they reacted with each other, the particles that were released had far more energy than they started with. "	 Oliphant left the Cavendish Laboratory in 1937 to become the Poynting Professor of Physics at the University of Birmingham.	male
Lao She lived there until his death 16 years later. 	 The courtyard contains persimmon trees planted by the writer.	male
He lived in Texas for seven years while earning his degrees in electrical engineering. 	" Following graduation, in 1987 Dahleh joined MIT as an assistant professor, and achieved multiple teaching, research and leadership roles in academia, industry, and business sectors."	male
"On the other hand, he suggests, genre fiction writers tend to support themselves by book sales. "	 I'm a genre writer of a sort.	male
"That year Nicieza did his first work for rival publisher DC Comics, co-writing Justice League: Midsummer Nightmare with Mark Waid which relaunched the Justice League as the JLA. "	 Later in 1996 Nicieza joined Acclaim Comics as senior vice-president and editor-in-chief.	male
"He also owned houses elsewhere in Crimea, such as Stary Krym and Yalta. "	 Aivazovsky was the most influential seascape painter in nineteenth-century Russian art.	male
"There he also came into contact with Alfred Tennyson, with whom he laid the foundation of another lifelong friendship. "	" When the training college was abandoned, Palgrave returned to Whitehall in 1855, becoming examiner in the Education Department, and eventually assistant secretary."	male
This collection was continued by his wife Cecilie Mendelssohn-Bartholdy (1898–1995). 	 Grafström was also a writer and an etcher.	male
"After studying physics at Erlangen and Göttingen, Friedrich Kohlrausch completed his doctorate in Göttingen. "	" After a two-year work as a lecturer in Frankfurt, Kohlrausch was appointed a professor of physics at the University of Göttingen (1866–70)."	male
He wrote and directed the films The Stoned Age (aka: Tack's Chicks) and The Jerky Boys: The Movie. 	" Melkonian is also an advertising writer, producer and director."	male
"Intermittently, Pesky was allowed to sit on the Red Sox bench during games, but three times was prevented from the task "	" As an instructor, Pesky was ineligible."	male
"From October 1995 to August 1996, Romeva was the principal aide of the UNESCO representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where he was responsible for the Educational programme and for promoting the UNESCO School of Peace Culture. "	" Romeva has been an assistant professor of International Relations at the UAB (1994–1995 and 1996–2002), researcher on peace and disarmament at the UNESCO Center of Catalunya (1994–1998) and campaign coordinator for disarmament and armed conflict prevention for Intermón-Oxfam (1998–1999)."	male
"Steerpike uses his charm and fast tongue to insinuate himself with the castle's physician Dr Prunesquallor, and acts for a time as his apprentice. "	 From there Steerpike uses the doctor's connections to gain access to the upper hierarchy of Gormenghast.	male
"Indeed, Milutinović introduced Njegoš to his own poetry, which Professor Svetlana Slapšak describes as being written in unusual syntax, with unparalleled neologisms and fantastic etymologies. "	" Milaković operated the printing press at Cetinje Monastery, served as editor-in-chief of Grlica and edited all Njegoš's works prior to their publication."	male
"Hardman, in partnership with his physician brother, William B. Hardman, opened the Hardman Sanitorium in Harmony Grove, the most advanced hospital facility in northeast Georgia at that time. "	 It was soon claimed that Hardman had become a nationally renowned physician.	male
In 1935 he was arrested in connection with the Kirov affair. 	 D. Ivanenko was a professor at Tomsk University from 1936 to 1938.	male
"He attended Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan on an academic scholarship, before deciding to focus solely on his musical career. "	 Carlock built a 16-track recording studio and continued to develop as a producer and writer.	male
"Masterson was back in Dodge City on November 1, 1884, where he issued a small newspaper called Vox Populi which was devoted to local political issues. "	" Masterson, editor, which in appearance is very neat and tidy."	male
"He had joined the Nazi Party in 1931; after leaving it in 1932, he rejoined in 1935. "	" After the war, Höcherl from 1948 practised as a lawyer."	male
"Freinsheim was born at Ulm on November 16, 1608, and after studying at several universities: Marburg, Giessen and Strassburg, he visited France, where he remained for three years. "	" Freinsheim returned to Strassburg in 1637, and in 1642 was appointed professor of eloquence and holder of the Skyttean chair at the University of Uppsala."	male
He studied at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 	" Bodwell served as clerk and treasurer for the township, later becoming a member of the township council, then reeve and later warden for Oxford County."	male
"For three seasons at Shawfield he worked alongside Alex Maley, brother of the Celtic manager Willie Maley. "	 Struth moved to Rangers in 1914 to take up the position of assistant manager.	male
"Post-punk band 'Count Florida', from Scotland, released a digital single in February 2021 with an entire song devoted to him; Blake. "	" During the summer of 1997, Schwarzenbach worked as a freelance writer and contributed several reviews of video games for GameSpot."	male
"In his third season with the program, Gdowski was promoted to offensive coordinator. "	 Gdowski served as their assistant head coach and offensive coordinator for 2003 and 2004.	male
"When Creangă recounts, the composition is not extraordinary, but once his heroes begin talking, their gesticulation and wording reach a height in typical storytelling. "	 The distinctive manner of characterization through realistic dialogues is seen by Vianu as a highly personal intervention and indicator of the Moldavian writer's originality.	male
"Unable to have regular work because of his health, Selby decided, I know the alphabet. "	 Maybe I could be a writer.	male
"In 1891 he was commissioned by the Mexican government to create statues of national heroes for Paseo de la Reforma, in Mexico City. "	" Alciati was appointed professor of sculpture, decoration and modelling at the Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1895."	male
"He graduated from Amherst College in 1860 and from Harvard Medical School in 1863, after which he practiced in Portland, Maine, until 1867. "	 Goodale became professor of natural science and applied chemistry at Bowdoin.	male
An Einstein-like Professor (representing Gonick's authorial voice) prepares to travel in his time machine to whatever place or era the chapter is about. 	" The Professor reads a passage from a historical book, which activates the time machine, a literary device."	male
"Bristow persevered, and in California began writing what would become her Louisiana plantation novels. "	 These novels established Bristow as a popular writer of historical fiction.	female
"Later, she completed a master's degree at Humphrey School of Public Affairs. "	 Glidden worked as an employment and civil rights lawyer for over a decade.	female
"In her tenure she has held the position of Books and Arts editor, from 1988 to 1992, and US Editor, from 1992 to 2000. "	" Since 2003, Wroe has been the Obituaries editor at The Economist, which typically publishes one obituary in each print issue."	female
"Since Madonna wanted her vocals to sound live, Spuehler mixed her singing with effects and then added it to the house consoles for transmitting to the loudspeakers. "	" The sound crew employed time-codes like the lighting and the choreography, thus the sound feed also changed depending on where the singer was onstage."	female
"She chose to use her mother's maiden name, Kridakorn. "	" After the coup, the PDRC transformed into the People's Democratic Reform Foundation (PDRF) with Chitpas serving as an assistant secretary."	female
"In 1968, she decided to open a skating club in Wiener Neustadt and worked with Rudolf Lang to build a skating rink. "	 Schwarz married a lawyer and became known as Schwarz-Bollenberger.	female
"The Goupil, Tooths and Lefevre galleries were among the commercial concerns that showed her work. "	 Originally Engelbach was a portrait painter but later became a specialist flower painter who also painted landscapes.	female
"Oppenheimer decided to make her radio character more like Baby Snooks: less sophisticated, more childlike, scheming, and impulsive "	" CBS quickly signed Oppenheimer as the show's head writer, producer, and director."	female
"In at least one documented case (the trial of the White Rose conspirators), the defense lawyer assigned to Sophie Scholl chastised her the day before the trial, stating that she would pay for her crimes. "	 The presiding judge would read the charges and then call the accused forward for examination.	female
"In the section named Its Evidences Unreliable of her work Christianity, Besant presents the case of why the Gospels are not authentic: before about A.D. 180 there is no trace of FOUR gospels among the Christians. "	" Besides being a prolific writer, Besant was a practised stump orator who gave sixty-six public lectures in one year."	female
"Official Nintendo Magazine listed her as one of the unsung heroes amongst the Mario series, stating that Birdo does get more exposure than the other characters in this section (she's showed up in a few Mario spin-offs), but she/he's still not as popular as we'd like. "	 GamePro editor The D-Pad Destroyer called Birdo everyone's favorite.	female
"By 1830 the Female Factory was one of a number of institutions where convicts were employed, although it was the only one for women. "	" It was staffed by a matron, storekeeper, clerk, four assistants to matron, a portress, gate keeper and constable and seven monitresses."	female
"She was elected to the Académie Internationale du Vin in 1993 and, in 2002, she received the New York Institute of Technology’s Professional Excellence Award. "	 Sutcliffe is an internationally recognised wine writer and renowned taster and writes regularly for many international publications.	female
"Between 1 June and 30 November 1944, she made three voyages to Europe, two from Norfolk, Virginia to Bizerte and one from Casco, Maine, to Bizerte. "	 During the voyages Hayter provided anti-submarine protection and transferred the division doctor to many merchant ships in the convoy needing medical assistance.	female
"Pitama was already a registered clinical psychologist before she completed the first-ever PhD undertaken in indigenous medical education, submitting her thesis, As natural as learning pathology: the design, implementation and impact of indigenous health curricula within medical schools, at the University of Otago in 2013. "	 Pitama was promoted to full professor from February 2020.	female
"They had six daughters and two sons: Their eldest child died within a year of her birth, and it was on this occasion that Carolina Oliphant, afterwards Baroness Nairne, wrote The Land of the Leal, which she sent to her old friend Mrs. Colquhoun. "	" Colquhoun was a good classical scholar, a sound lawyer, and an eloquent pleader."	female
"When Catt was seven years old, her family moved to rural Charles City, Iowa. "	" As a child, Catt was interested in science and wanted to become a doctor."	female
Norwegian coach Bjørnar Håkensmoen gave Sara Renner a ski pole after hers was broken when a competitor stepped on it during the cross-country team sprint at the 2006 Winter Olympics. 	" Norway's athlete ended up fourth, implying that this selfless act of sportsmanship may well have cost the Norwegian team a medal."	female
"She then worked for Oxfam as a lobbyist on conflict issues, campaigning at the United Nations and with governments to lessen the impact of conflict on civilians living in war zones. "	 Golding lives in Oxford and works as a freelance writer.	female
"In October 2020, she was appointed as the next C.L. "	" Peck, Class of 1906 Professor in the School of Engineering."	female
"She describes how one memory triggers another, which in turn triggers another and how she is powerless to stop it: It's like a split screen; I'll be talking to someone and seeing something else. "	 One writer claimed hyperthymesia may be a result of reviewing memories constantly to an obsessive-compulsive degree.	female
The women's 4 × 182 metres relay event at the 1968 European Indoor Games was held on 10 March in Madrid. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 182 metres track.	female
"She often interjected such elements as myth, fairy tale, the supernatural, and fantasy into her works. "	 Matute was a university professor.	female
"Goldin's assistant lay in a box from which her feet, head and hands protruded. "	" This process was then reversed, and the assistant released unharmed."	female
"She had also learned a number of circus skills, and obtained a driver's license by 1899. "	" Marvingt became a world-class athlete who won numerous prizes in swimming, fencing, riflery, shooting, skiing, speed skating, luge and bobsledding."	female
"Porter considers herself a black female writer, incorporating the intersectionality of her identities into her work. "	" I do not fear that, because there is some descriptive tag before the word writer, I will be pigeonholed."	female
"In 1951, she left Dawn, after editor Altaf Husain demanded that she focus her writing on issues relating to women, an apparent reference to an earlier message in which he suggested she write about cooking, child-rearing, and other matters of feminine concern. "	" Hamidullah founded a monthly magazine called the Mirror, and became its editor and publisher in 1952."	female
Rawlinson was practicing night flying with a trainer when her A-24 began to experience technical issues. 	" The instructor was thrown free, but Rawlinson was stuck in the front seat as the plane went up in flames, unable to open the plane's broken canopy lock."	female
"She is a former co-editor of The Journal of Human Resources, a Research Associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research, and she chairs the Technical Review Committee for the National Longitudinal Surveys. "	 Professor Hellerstein is an internationally renowned labor economist.	female
"In 1958, she was appointed as Curator of Scunthorpe Museum. "	 Hawkes was a research assistant at the Institute of Archaeology from 1959 to 1973.	female
Sutcliff's early schooling was constantly interrupted by moving house and her illness. 	 Sutcliff then worked as a painter of miniatures.	female
"In addition, she is affiliated with the youth organization La Cámpora. "	 Nahón was a professor at the National University of Quilmes and a CONICET scholar.	female
Her son is also a prominent free diving competitor. 	" Molchanova later worked as a free diving instructor at the Russian State University of Physical Education, Sport, Youth and Tourism."	female
"After that year, she reduced her participation to the Monaco phase only. "	 Casiraghi is a published writer and magazine editor.	female
"Women at Home was written by Louisa Knapp Curtis, wife of the magazine's publisher Cyrus H. "	" After a year it became an independent publication, with Knapp as editor for the first six years."	female
"In March 2008, a teenage girl who filmed the fatal beating of a man on her mobile phone was sentenced to two years' detention in the first prosecution of its kind in the United Kingdom. "	 The judge stated that the courts had to make an example of such youths.	female
She emigrated to New Zealand with her family at the age of eleven. 	" Smythe finished high school and started work on a communications degree, but left college to train as a fitness instructor."	female
"She represented England in the javelin, at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. "	 After a 17-year spell as an international athlete Holroyd retired in 2006 due to injury and moved into coaching.	female
"Pimentel grew up in a liberal family, in her youth she was part of the city council campaign of her PT affiliated uncle. "	 Before becoming a politician Pimentel worked as a college professor.	female
"Finochio was born and raised in Long Island, New York, where she graduated from Lindenhurst Senior High School in 1989 before later graduating from Dowling College in 1994 with a Bachelor of Business Administration in accounting and a Bachelor of Arts in psychology. "	 Finochio has over twenty years of experience as a dancer and is a certified aerobics instructor.	female
"In 1973, she received her doctorate from Erich Hubala at the University of Kiel with a thesis on Guido Reni. "	" From 1986 to 1991, Schmidt-Linsenhoff was co-editor of the art journal Kritische Berichte."	female
Cortana has been recognized for her believability and character depth as well as her sex appeal. 	 The character was the inspiration for Microsoft's intelligent personal assistant of the same name.	female
"Open straight pool championships for a total of seven back-to-back wins, her streak foreclosed after 1978 by the discontinuance of the competition itself. "	 Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete.	female
"In 1967, her first novel, The Fat Woman's Joke was published. "	" I thought this was because I was a wonderful writer, But it wasn't."	female
She went to graduate school at the University of Rhode Island where she obtained her Ph.D in Psychology in 1995 under the supervision of Bernice Lott. 	 Bullock has served as editor of the journal Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy.	female
"Although being uncredited, Ari Lennox said Deante' Hitchcock, Vincent Berry, and Yung Baby Tate helped write her verse for the song. "	 The writer continued to mention that it is a nice balance and shows that Revenge of The Dreamers is cooking up an album that will have a little something for everyone.	female
"After an undergraduate at the University of Canterbury (where she edited the student paper Canta) and University of British Columbia, Pickles completed a 1996 PhD titled 'Representing twentieth century Canadian colonial identity : the Imperial Order Daughters of the Empire (IODE)' at McGill University. "	" Pickles returned to the University of Canterbury, rising to full professor."	female
She was unable to attend the ceremony in 2006 to honor her. 	 Abrosimova was a graduate assistant on that team so was invited to the ceremonies.	female
"Although Müller has revealed little about the specific people or books that have influenced her, she has acknowledged the importance of her university studies in German and Romanian literature, and particularly of the contrast between the two languages. "	" The two languages, the writer says, look differently even at plants."	female
"Another major architectural work was her 10-foot statue of Apollo, now destroyed, for the frontage of Drury Lane theatre. "	" Damer was also a writer, with one published novel, Belmour (first published on 1801)."	female
"It was written and produced by Swedish producers Bloodshy & Avant and Klas Åhlund as a response to the media scrutiny and sensationalism of the singer's private life, which they had witnessed firsthand after working with her over the years. "	" The song, acting as the singer's manifesto, has biographical lyrics retelling Spears's mishaps."	female
"She began to make a name for herself at the 1992 European Championships where she won the floor exercise gold, and finished second all-around and vault. "	 Crowds and analysts were impressed with the young athlete's exceptional difficulty.	female
"Pittaway joined Chatelaine in 1997 as a freelance editor, and in 1999 started writing her monthly column Broadside. "	 Pittaway departed the magazine after 15 months as editor in chief due to conflicts with the Publisher.	female
"She gave birth to two children, Princess Sentelweyinkhosi and Princess Sibusezweni. "	 Masango was a painter.	female
Her first poems were published when she was 18. 	" Barrandeguy had various jobs, including archivist, writer, journalist, librarian, and jewelry sales."	female
It is entirely her own. 	" The rhythm, the feeling, the style and phraseology of L. E. L.'s poetry, were such, that you could immediately recognize it, though the writer's name was not mentioned."	female
She is also the editor in chief of the magazine. 	 This was announced via a contest in the magazine that culminated with a cover spread and article about its new editor.	female
"Despite the changes that have taken place in the retail industry since Bondfield's day, Cox and Hobley believe that, were she alive, she'd still be champing at the bit, trying to coax shop assistants to join a union, and fiercely championing shopworkers' rights to better pay and conditions. "	 Bondfield was a prolific writer of magazine and newspaper articles.	female
"From 2005 to 2008, she was editor of the program Olímpicos. "	" ADO 2008, and later was the editor of broadcasts of the Beijing Olympics."	female
"Sveitabrúðkaup (English: Country Wedding), her directorial debut, premiered in Iceland in August 2008. "	" Valdís was the primary editor on the following films, unless noted otherwise."	female
She defended her Ph.D. thesis in social science in 1968. 	" Rantalaiho served as professor of sociology at the University of Lapland in 1988–1989, and in public health science at the University of Tampere in 1990–1998."	female
"In 1998 she was invited to Italy by the Gascal club, where she spent several weeks with her family. "	 Lobatch is a coach and judge for the Belarusian Gymnastics Federation.	female
She identifies herself as a Hindu. 	 Banerjee is a self-taught painter and a poet.	female
"After her PhD, Herz was appointed a postdoctoral research fellow at St John's College, Cambridge, in 2001. "	 Herz became a Professor in 2010.	female
"Presently, Coffin splits her time between St. "	" Professionally, Coffin is an economist and university professor."	female
"She stayed there until 2006, when she began teaching at the University of Michigan in the Department of Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences. "	 Today Steiner is a professor in the Department of Climate and Space Sciences and Engineering.	female
"Apart from her childhood years, Politkovskaya spent no more than a few weeks outside Russia at any one time, even when her life came under threat. "	 Politkovskaya worked for Izvestia from 1982 to 1993 as a reporter and editor of the emergencies and accidents section.	female
"The player assumes the role of a knife thrower, and must throw knives at balloons on a rotating wheel with a female assistant strapped to it. "	" The assistant is not a target, and will scream if hit, as well as the screen getting covered in blood."	female
"Fraleigh was born in 1976 in Beaufort, SC, and raised in rural Hyde Park, New York where she attended Franklin Delano Roosevelt High School. "	 Fraleigh is an associate professor and the department chairperson of the Moravian College art department.	female
"Frances Fran Hamerstrom (December 16, 1907 – August 29, 1998) was an American author, naturalist and ornithologist known for her work with the greater prairie chicken in Wisconsin, and for her research on birds of prey. "	" Hamerstrom was a prolific writer, publishing over 100 professional papers and 10 books on the prairie chicken, harriers, eagles, and other wildlife topics."	female
"Dubbing her Dr. Betty, reporters and editorial writers described her as a miners' Joan of Arc. "	" Virtually all news coverage was sympathetic to the doctor and the strikers, who lived in Force and two other north-central Pennsylvania communities, Byrnedale and Hollywood."	female
"One of her daughters, Dr. Maria Paula Survilla, (1964–2020) was a professor of ethnomusicology at Wartburg College in Waverly, Iowa. "	 Survilla has participated in more than 30 exhibitions as a painter.	female
The women's 4 × 170 metres relay event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 March in Rotterdam. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 170 metres track.	female
"She served as editor-in-chief of Openspace.ru until 2012, when she left the publication along with the majority of her editorial staff due to a withdrawal of funding from private investors. "	" Funded using crowdfunding platform Planeta.ru, Colta.ru guaranteed Stepanova more editorial freedom as editor-in-chief."	female
"One of the most complete of her series was issued in book form, under the caption In Foreign Lands. "	" As a writer of verse and songs, Galpin won high praise."	female
"The resultant work contained the seeds of all that would blossom in her later work: the innovative narrative style, the focus on feminine consciousness, sexuality and death. "	" Professor DeSalvo worked for seven years on the project of reconstructing the text of the novel as it might have appeared in 1912, before Woolf had begun serious revisions."	female
Her dissertation was titled Studies of Grief: narratives of incarcerated women who experienced the death of a significant person while in prison. 	 Ferszt is a professor of nursing and the coordinator of the graduate psychiatric mental health clinical nurse specialist program at URI.	female
In 1971 she established the Nigerian University Palynology Laboratory. 	 Sowunmi was appointed Professor of Palynology and Environmental Archaeology in 1982.	female
"Furthermore, she cooked on a broad culinary range and her recipes were sent across the world. "	 Watters was a keen gardener and played contract bridge and mahjong to a high level.	female
"In the appendix section of the novel, Ann Smith describes how she was inspired to write the fantasy. "	" Seola is a fantasy, revealed to the writer while listening to the performance of an extraordinary musical composition."	female
"In 2011, she was promoted to tenure-track investigator in 2011. "	 Palena became a tenured senior investigator in 2017.	female
In 2012 she became the Alfred Deakin Professor at Deakin University. 	 Forsyth is a research Professor at the University of the Basque Country in Spain.	female
"The motives which led me, as soon as I was 21, to enter a French Religious Order are worthy of little discussion, and less respect she begins. "	 This account includes being told by the Superior that if a doctor advised a surgical operation your Superiors will decide whether your life is of sufficient value to the community to justify the expense.	female
	" When a runner completes their 10th Comrades (or achieves either 5 gold medals or 3 wins) they achieve their green number and keep their race number for life, the race number effectively being 'retired' only for use by that athlete."	female
She also used her writing skills to create magazine articles and novels. 	" Rabe became the editor of a BattleTech magazine, MechForce Quarterly, in 1995."	female
"According to Kraft Kitchens, when the recipe for Pistachio Pineapple Delight was sent out, an unnamed Chicago food editor renamed it Watergate Salad to promote interest in the recipe when she printed it in her column. "	" Neither the article nor editor has been tracked down, however."	female
"She campaigned for public health and for the formal, legal allotment of land to members of the Omaha tribe. "	 Picotte was an active social reformer as well as a physician.	female
Sleaford and Kesteven High School for Girls was established in 1902. 	" It has specialist art status, became an academy in 2011 and was judged to be good by Ofsted in 2013, at which time there were 825 pupils on roll, including those in the co-educational sixth form."	female
"Born in Devon, and with early years in Edinburgh and Australia, Stock later attended St Catherine's School, Guildford, where she was head girl, and is a graduate of Jesus College, Oxford, with a degree in Modern Languages (French and Italian). "	" After working in specialist journalism on the oil industry, Stock joined the BBC in 1983."	female
She started throwing at the age of 12 and at 13 threw 37m58cm to win the English Schools Championships. 	 At the age of 16 Holroyd threw 52m50 and became a senior international athlete.	female
"Kauanui earned her Ph.D. in History of Consciousness at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 2000. "	 Kauanui is Professor of American Studies and affiliate faculty in Anthropology at Wesleyan University in Connecticut.	female
"A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), she represents District 42A in the north-central Twin Cities metropolitan area. "	" Moller is an assistant attorney for Hennepin County, Minnesota."	female
"She has a plaque in Richmond parish church, which calls her simply Miss Braddon. "	" Braddon was a prolific writer, producing more than 80 novels with inventive plots."	female
"Prior to her appointment at UNH, Goodwin was the Director of Instrumental Music at Marshwood High School in South Berwick, ME. "	 Working directly under the director are a Percussion Instructor and a Color Guard Instructor.	female
"She continuously renews herself, having developed a personal avant-garde style with some influence from abstract expressionism and surrealism. "	" Outsider art is conventionally considered as one of the trends of informalism, but in this painter it is fused with neo-figurative art, an expressionist revival in modern form of figurative art."	female
"However, it appears that she did not buy all of the arsenic which killed her patients. "	 The doctor and some of the patients had signed off to purchase it.	female
Cheenu takes Viji to an Ayurvedic medical practitioner and leaves her there for a day's treatment. 	" Finally, the police learn that Viji is getting treated at the doctor's place and reach there."	female
In 1975 she was chosen the German Sportspersonality of the Year. 	 Tittel is a lawyer by profession.	female
"In addition to these, her hymns were published in magazines edited by Caroline Fry. "	 Thrupp is particularly remembered as a writer of hymns for children.	female
She was revising it at a nearby Starbucks when she realized that Miranda would describe something not as just blue 	" I was like, it'd be cool if half of that ended up in the movie, the writer says."	female
"This worked continued until 1955, when she took up a post at Grosvenor Museum, Chester. "	 Pirie was appointed Assistant Curator at the Grosvenor Museum in 1955.	female
"As of the second semester, she also worked as a freelancer in the sports department of SPORT1. "	" This was followed by activity as a moderator, reporter and editor at the online portal Spox.com, from 2013 to 2014."	female
Schmidt-Linsenhoff became Professor of Art History at the University of Trier with a focus on women's research from 1992 until her retirement in 2008. 	 This was followed by a stay in the United States as a visiting professor at Dartmouth College.	female
"Her breakout hit was the 2013 recording of Idle No More, where she pays tribute to the struggles of aboriginal people in Canada. "	 Derrickson has won awards as both performer and songwriter.	female
She is a former president of the National Action Committee on the Status of Women and was the New Democratic Party (NDP) Member of Parliament for Broadview 	 McDonald is a professor emerita of sociology at the University of Guelph.	female
"This occurred even as the editors at Century's Magazine sneered, They got a girl to write the Life of Lincoln. "	 It was at this time that Tarbell decided to be a writer and not an editor.	female
"Excited about her newly developed style and feeling ever more nationalistic, she wrote to her family in April 1923: I feel myself ever more Brazilian. "	 I want to be the painter of my country.	female
The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts. 	 The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself.	female
She spoke for the dockers at public meetings and on street corners. 	 Besant was a prolific writer and a powerful orator.	female
She graduated from the Far Eastern University of the Philippines where she acquired a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism in 1952 and then an MA in English in 1969. 	" Apart from being a writer, Uranza was also an associate professor of Literature and the Humanities at Far Eastern University."	female
"Her stormy marriages, her romances with famous stars, her forays into politics and feminist causes kept her name before the public. "	 That led to a second career as a writer.	female
Her doctoral research was supervised by Niko Tinbergen. 	 Dawkins was appointed a lecturer in zoology in 1977 and in 1998 was made Professor of Animal Behaviour.	female
"Back in Germany, Proll's attempted murder charge was dropped when it was gathered that the state had withheld information that could have cleared her but she was still sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on account of bank robbery and falsifying documents; however, she had already spent at least two-thirds of that time in German and English prisons and therefore was released immediately. "	 Proll went on to study film and photography at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg and later became a picture editor for magazine and newspaper.	female
"As well as endorsing luxury brands, Schiffer has appeared as the face of high street retailers including Mango and Accessorize, and had her ears pierced for the first time specially for the 2006 Autumn/Winter Accessorize campaign. "	 Schiffer was a judge on Fashion Fringe in 2011.	female
"However, after only one year she returned to the political scene as a personal secretary, this time in the Ministry of Finance. "	" The first cabinet Brundtland losing office to the cabinet Willoch following the 1981 election, Strand returned to work one more year as assistant secretary in the Ministry of Finance."	female
"Phillippa Jane Poole is a New Zealand academic, and as of 2019 is a full professor and Head of School at the University of Auckland; she was previously head of the medical program. "	" After studying medicine at the University of Auckland, Poole joined the staff, rising to full professor."	female
"Her more recent work has focused on self-portraiture and the depiction of interior, personal spaces, which attempt to demonstrate that a woman approaching her 40s can live alone in an apartment and produce significant artistic output. "	" Micu is a realist painter, working with photography, sketching, graphite drawings, and easel painting."	female
"Her work on clinics in South Africa, in collaboration with the government and work in the civic sphere has led to her specialization in the field. "	 Tromp has spoken at the AZA festival in Pretoria and has been a judge for the PPC Imaginarium Award for Architecture.	female
"Her father is a Presbyterian minister, her mother a nurse; her family also includes three sisters and two brothers. "	" With medicine strong in the family, it was natural for Hogg to become a doctor."	female
"In 1922, she became the principle of a kindergarten primary training school in Cleveland, Ohio. "	" After directing this move, Arbuthnot became an associate professor at the university."	female
"In her capacity as a writer, she also became the first Hispanic opinion maker contributor for Facebook’s new platform “Bulletin.” "	" Arrarás is also an investigative reporter and writer, and has authored several books."	female
"She wrote, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide For Grace (2008) a spiritual memoir and travelogue and The Dude Abides: The Gospel According to the Coen Brothers (2009), both published by Zondervan. "	 Falsani is a correspondent and columnist for Religion News Service and a featured writer and correspondent for Sojourners.	female
"In 1927, she returned to New York, where she married William Gresser, a New York City attorney and musicologist, who died in 1982. "	" Gresser was an accomplished painter and musician, as well as a classical scholar."	female
"An article in the December 6, 1919 issue of the Bridgeport Telegram reported Miss Minerva Pious delighted the school with her dramatic reading and added Miss Pious has given very many successful story readings through the past year and will continue the community work. "	 Pious's excellent typing and shorthand in high school led to a job as a stenographer for a judge in Bridgeport.	female
"Among her friends in England were Stella Kramrisch, Heinrich Zimmer, and Penelope Chetwode. "	 Kramrisch described Heimann as a refugee Professor of Sanskrit from Heidelberg.	female
"She was known for extensive preparation for oral arguments and for running a hot bench, where judges ask lawyers plenty of questions. "	" Unprepared lawyers suffered the consequences, but the vigorous questioning was an aid to lawyers seeking to tailor their arguments to the judge's concerns."	female
"In the 1940s, women were barred from a number of professions. "	" These included being a magistrate, diplomat, notary, customs officer, stock broker, and prison doctor."	female
She soon became interested in figure ice-skating and started regular training in that sport in 1998. 	 Senderek-Wójcik is an International Technical Specialist.	female
"She showed her work at group exhibitions in Copenhagen, Reykjavik and Bergen and in 1980 participated in a traveling exhibition of Faroese artists presented in Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Scotland, and Finland. "	" Lützen was married to, and later divorced, the Faroese painter Sámal Joensen-Mikines."	female
Judith Ortiz Cofer notes that switching between the perspectives of Marisol and Guzmán is part of the autobiographical style of her prose. 	" As a writer, I feel absolutely at liberty to cross over boundaries."	female
"In fact, Conceição remained active in the resistance and disguised this by volunteering for the church, as she delivered religious education in the Viqueque parish. "	" Under the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor, Conceição was appointed deputy district administrator for Viqueque."	female
"In addition, Fuchs has also served as a United States Olympic Development Program coach since 1986, and she was named United States Olympic Committee National Field Hockey Coach of the Year in 1998. "	" A USFHA Level One coaching education instructor, Fuchs has been the head coach of the regional USFHA summer league team for the last eight years."	female
"For her insightful social critique and powerful prose style, Cisneros has achieved recognition far beyond Chicano and Latino communities, to the extent that The House on Mango Street has been translated worldwide and is taught in U.S classrooms as a coming-of-age novel. "	" Cisneros has held a variety of professional positions, working as a teacher, a counselor, a college recruiter, a poet-in-the-schools, and an arts administrator, and has maintained a strong commitment to community and literary causes."	female
"On 10 August 2015, she was appointed to the role of deputy manager to the CCB (Center for Cybersecurity in Belgium, the central authority in charge of cybersecurity in Belgium). "	" Clouner is the founder and administrator of FedISA Belgium, the Belgian branch of the federation for Information Lifecyle Management, Storage and Archiving."	female
"Bijoch walked over 50 shows in the 2011/12 season including Thakoon, Narciso Rodriguez, Nina Ricci, Victoria Beckham, Gianfranco Ferré, Moschino, and Balenciaga (which she closed). "	 Bijoch has been a guest judge on Poland’s Top Model.	female
She wrote nine episodes during its last two seasons. 	 Holzman went from story editor to executive story editor to a creator and writer of the show.	female
"As a post doctoral fellow, she began a long-standing collaborative program of research with Marian Sigman, Peter C. "	 Kasari has served as the Principal Investigator of several Autism Center of Excellence Grants from the National Institutes of Health awarded to UCLA.	female
"In 1978, she returned to Modesto, where she served as a Deputy Public Defender. "	" Veneman joined the United States Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service in 1986, serving as Associate Administrator until 1989."	female
The couple married in 1975 after Miyuki divorced her ex-husband. 	 Hatoyama worked as assistant professor (1976–1981) at Tokyo Institute of Technology and later transferred to Senshu University as associate professor (1981–1984).	female
"As of March 2018, she was pursuing a Doctor of Philosophy degree in pediatric HIV/AIDS, at the School of Biomedical Sciences at the University of Antwerp in Belgium, a task she completed in 2020. "	" Kitaka is a specialist in infectious diseases among children and adolescents, with special interest in HIV/AIDS infections among adolescents."	female
Supervised by Eckard Lefèvre she gained her doctorate in Latin Philology (doctoral thesis: Ovid's monologue). 	" Since 1993, Auhagen has worked at the University of Freiburg, first as a research assistant, since 1995 as a research associate, in the area Transitions and tensions between orality and scribality."	female
"On June 4, 2012, she announced that she would not return for the fourth season. "	" Noxon is serving as show-runner, executive producer, writer, and is also directing some episodes."	female
She went on to appear in the 2006 film Casino Royale and received a European Golden Globe at the 2008 Italian Golden Globe Awards. 	" Murino was born in Cagliari, Sardinia, and initially wanted to be a doctor."	female
"As of 2021, her gold medal is the only one won by a Bulgarian at a Winter Olympic games. "	 Dafovska is an administrator from Chepelare.	female
"Some of her subsequent work focused on methodology and theory, including the co-edited volume Bringing the State Back In, which heralded a new focus by social scientists on the state as an agent of social and political change. "	" For the next five years, Skocpol would serve as an Associate Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and of Social Science, Professor of Sociology and Political Science, and Director for the Center for the Study of Industrial Societies."	female
"Akkadevi (ಆಕ್ಕದೀವಿ in Kannada, also Akkādēvi, Akkā-dēvi), 1010-1064 CE was a princess of the Chalukya dynasty of Karnataka and governor of an area known as Kishukādu, situated in the present day districts of Bidar, Bagalkot and Bijapur. "	 Akkadevi was well known for being an able administrator and capable general.	female
"Auditor Hafer campaigned hard, but hurt herself when during the campaign she called the governor a redneck Irishman. "	 Auditor Hafer was defeated by thirty-six percentage points in one of the most lopsided gubernatorial elections in state history.	female
"The problems were noticed when the women went for post-natal check-ups, and the gauze was removed. "	" After the incidents, the hospital has strengthened the episiotomy repair guidelines, which require the doctor to count the number of pieces of gauze together with a nurse after the procedure, to ensure that no gauze is retained in the patient's body."	female
"Her first foray into movie-making at New York University resulted in a Student Academy Award Nomination for her satirical short film about a housewife's affair, And You Act Like One Too. "	" Seidelman earned an MFA from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts and is an adjunct professor in the school's film department, overseeing students' thesis films."	female
Her television career began when she was asked to write scripts as she was procrastinating while writing her PhD dissertation. 	" This led, within two years, to a writer's position for Charmed."	female
She believed that truth could be captured in the careful crafting of language and that no human experience was beyond the power of language. 	 Molinaro was also a painter in the style of the Haitian primitives.	female
"Together with him, she performed research on Zintl phases. "	" At first, Eisenmann worked as a research assistant."	female
"Hindley was increasingly drawn to the Roman Catholic Church after she started at Ryder Brow Secondary Modern, and began taking instruction for formal reception into the Church soon after Higgins's funeral. "	 Hindley's first job was as a junior clerk at a local electrical engineering firm.	female
"Many judges are flexible with this rule, especially if the gymnast took a hard fall and needs a minute to shake it off and re-gain her focus. "	 Often the judge or judging assistant will give the gymnast a ten-second warning.	female
"Ringen earned her Ph.D. in Linguistics from Indiana University in 1975, with a dissertation entitled Vowel Harmony: Theoretical Implications. "	 Ringen was co-editor of the Nordic Journal of Linguistics from 2001–2015.	female
Radack believes the OIG agent pressured her employer to fire her. 	" The firm was initially supportive, but after it obtained phone records of calls between Newsweek writer Isikoff and the firm's office showing that Radack appeared to be the leaker of government emails, that changed."	female
"After Yale, Klobuchar enrolled at the University of Chicago Law School, where she served as an associate editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and earned her Juris Doctor magna cum laude in 1985. "	" After law school, Klobuchar worked as a corporate lawyer."	female
"She was born in Tokyo, Japan. "	 Takata was a commentator and judge on the show.	female
"Klüft claims that this was not for luck, but to remind her of her philosophy that sport is for fun. "	 Klüft was an exceptional junior athlete.	female
"Born to Tanzanian and Indian parents, she is a lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on education law. "	 Pancholi was a practising lawyer in Edmonton with a focus on labour/employment and education law.	female
"Daneh Ghorbani was Edmund's wife, but she left him more than ten years before The Fall. "	" Daneh was a doctor before The Fall, specializing in (genetic) Change-related complications."	female
Then for two years she was editor of a computer group's house magazine. 	" Somerville joined the BBC in 1972 as a sub-editor in the radio newsroom, and then became a reporter in 1978."	female
Sheehy was awarded a fellowship by the Alicia Patterson Foundation to allow her to finish the book. 	" Sheehy's editor was concerned that the title would make readers think that it meant excerpts, but Sheehy was confident they would understand the title once they read the book."	female
Gómez cites the support of Jenny Harrison and Donald Sarason for encouraging her to form relationships with mathematicians outside of UC Berkeley. 	 Gómez was an assistant professor of mathematics at Middlebury College.	female
"A new edition of her book was published posthumously in Germany in 2003, again anonymously. "	 A controversy broke out when a literary editor revealed the author as Hillers.	female
"Additionally, she began publishing poetry in the college magazine, Acta Victoriana. "	" Besides writing poetry, Avison worked a variety of other jobs, such as working as a file clerk, proofreader, and editor."	female
The first findings of this project is presented in her book À la recherche de la Rome antique. 	 Moatti has been a full professor at USC since 2004.	female
Side panels are opened to show the assistant is still in place lying flat on her back. 	 The assistant is then divided into two.	female
"After finishing school, she started working at Azzaro as an intern and later as an assistant to Vanessa Seward. "	" Àchaval de Montaigu retired from modelling and was hired by the American fashion magazine V as a stylist, eventually becoming the editor-at-large."	female
"After postdoctoral research at Michigan State University, she became an assistant professor at Hope College in Michigan in 1998, then moved to the University of Oregon in 2000 and to Notre Dame in 2001. "	 Polini is currently an Associate Editor for the Journal of Commutative Algebra.	female
"She wrote, The era of the 'bedroom blogger' is long gone, replaced by corporate entities trying to outdo each other with clickbait headlines and subsisting on popup ads that get more bewildering every day. "	 MacDonald also served as an editor and writer at Publishers Weekly.	female
"In 2002, she earned a M.Sc. in geography with a focus on human-environment relationships at Penn State College of Earth and Mineral Sciences (PSU). "	" From 2002 to 2004, López was an instructor in the department of geography at UPR-RP."	female
Flanagan had been doing stand-up comedy for six months before she was spotted in December 1994 by the producer of Full Frontal. 	 Flanagan joined the cast as both a writer and performer in 1995.	female
In 1967 she was awarded the Regina Medal by the Catholic Library Association and the Children's Collection Medal by the University of Southern Mississippi. 	 Lenski's first professional goal was to become a painter.	female
"The Daily News changed the headline in its later edition and added a quote from Solanas stating I'm a writer, not an actress. "	 Solanas told the judge that it's not often that I shoot somebody.	female
She is buried in Kensal Green Cemetery in London. 	" A gifted and varied writer, Pardoe published many books on varied subjects that strayed across genres and often had an international perspective."	female
With Heinz Stoob she received her doctorate at the University of Münster in 1986 with a thesis on the rule of travel Karls IV. south of the Alps. 	 From 1989 to 1995 Widder was scientific assistant at the University of Münster.	female
"Maddow has said her family is very, very Catholic and she grew up in a community that her mother has described as very conservative. "	" Maddow was a competitive athlete and participated in high school volleyball, basketball, and swimming."	female
"Before she was nominated Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Wormuth served in the National Security Council as the Special Assistant to the President and the Defense Policy and Strategy Senior Director. "	" From 2009 to 2010, Wormuth was the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Homeland Defense."	female
"As she found that art was not the path she wanted to follow, she dived into the world of medicine; Gomperts did not find her calling in the field of reproductive medicine until later on in her medical career. "	" After graduating from medical school, Gompert worked in a small hospital in Guiana as a trainee doctor."	female
"She was appointed as staff to the state legislature, where she started working in 1883. "	" Dromgoole was a prolific writer, publishing both prose and poetry."	female
"Her name remained on the ballot, and she received 3,210 votes (8.53%) to finish fourth against Liberal candidate Anita Neville. "	 Rattai was a 33-year-old accountant.	female
"Antedating Murder, She Wrote, Ernesta was a mystery novelist, while her widowed sister Gwendolyn (known as G) wrote the stories from Ernesta's dictation. "	" (G was also a writer, but of poetry."	female
"Prior to her service in local government, Suzanne served as Vanderburgh County Republican Central Committee Chairman for four years. "	 Crouch was elected Vanderburgh County Auditor in 1994.	female
"Raised in Osaka, in 1952 she graduated from Ritsumeikan University's law department. "	" After experiencing gender discrimination in the workplace, Kitamura decided to become a lawyer to improve conditions and reduce inequality."	female
"She said that she would not bring the case to the police (as police had not investigated some attacks on opposition politicians), stating I will not be a part of this comedy. "	 The investigator said that the car caught fire by itself.	female
She called for a bloody struggle against the exploiters and Ukrainian nationalism. 	" Nikiforova was appointed to the position of assistant deputy, but within weeks Makhno stepped down in dissatisfaction with the group's lack of radicalism."	female
"Before this volume, Excursions en Roumélie et en Morée (Excursions in Rumelia and Morea) (Zürich 1863, 2 vols.) was published, in which she tried to show that 19th-century Germany had the same civilizing task as Ancient Greece. "	 D'Istria was also a painter.	female
The book was a finalist for the Toronto Book Award and earned her the Canada-Japan Literary Award for the second time. 	 Sakamoto is also known as a writer of screenplays and essays on visual art.	female
The Sisters of St. 	" They are chaplains, foster parents, and pastoral ministers; they include a lawyer, drug and alcohol interventionists, counselors, retreat directors, and college professors."	female
"In 1973, she began an internship at the magazine Vanidades. "	" By 1979, Saralegui was editor of the Spanish version of Cosmopolitan magazine."	female
She has also been recognized by the Kingston Historical Society as a prominent woman in Kingston society. 	 Machar was a prolific writer.	female
"She became the EIC's music director in 2006, the first woman to hold the post, and served as the EIC's music director until 2013. "	 Mälkki is known as a specialist in contemporary music.	female
She became an aunt when her brother and sister-in-law gave birth to their son João Miguel in 2009. 	 Penicheiro also enjoys listening to R&B music and is an avid collector of watches and clothes.	female
"She moved to University of Wisconsin–Madison as a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council fellow, where she worked with Mark Ediger. "	 Fakhraai was appointed to the University of Pennsylvania as an Assistant Professor in 2011.	female
"In her first year as Resident Director at Belvoir, Sarks directed an adaptation of Medea, which she co-wrote with Kate Mulvany. "	" Sarks had also worked, as assistant director and dramaturg, on another show nominated in that category, Thyestes."	female
"From October 2007 to September 2008, she was a postdoctoral fellow at University of Cambridge through funding from the Economic and Social Research Council. "	 Beers is an associate professor in the department of history at American University College of Arts and Sciences.	female
"A personal note is the essay on Constance Fenimore Woolson, a woman who played an important if still uncertain role in James' life. "	" This is the only essay in Partial Portraits on a writer of minor significance, and it has provided grist to the mill of biographical speculation."	female
"She continued horse riding, and also enjoyed surfing. "	" Rolton enjoyed coaching children in swimming and horse riding, and decided to become a riding instructor."	female
She won the 2005 People Opposing Women Abuse Poetry Competition and has been awarded the 2006 Ernst van Heerden Creative Writing Award for her flash fiction. 	 Jobson is the poetry editor at the online magazine Mad Hatters' Review.	female
Mary Elkinton Nitobe lived in Japan until her death in 1938. 	 Nitobe was a prolific writer.	female
"As an intern in the mid-90s, she became Executive Assistant to then editor-in-chief, Danyel Smith. "	" And later, editorial coordinator assisting the managing editor."	female
"Her family settled in North York, Ontario, where she grew up and developed her passion for hockey, often playing goal for her brothers on outdoor rinks. "	" A gifted athlete, Heaney also played Gaelic football, soccer, fastball and in-line hockey."	female
The assistant's head and hands are seen sticking out of one section and her feet out of the other. 	 The box is then pushed together again and opened and the assistant emerges unharmed.	female
Her first international tournament was Asian Football Confederation Women's Championship 2001 held in Chinese Taipei when she was only 17 years. 	" As a coach, Maymol and an AFC ‘A’ Coaching Certificate and is also an instructor for the AIFF ‘D’ License Instructors Course."	female
Baquero joined the WNBC in 1995 from local cable news network NY1 News where she was a daily news anchor and consumer reporter for three years. 	" Prior to NY1, Baquero was at local station WCBS for five years working in almost every aspect of the newsroom ranging from desk assistant, to researcher, to assignment editor, and finally associate producer of the daily consumer action segment, Troubleshooter."	female
"She completed the candidata magisterii degree in physical science and mathematics in two years, graduating in 1920. "	" Steffensen, the professor of actuarial science."	female
She was replaced by entertainer Charytín Goyco during the season finale. 	 Goyco had already served as guest host and judge during several episodes of the show.	female
She is the current Women's International Boxing Association lightweight champion. 	 Ro has enjoyed an extensive career as an athlete and as a professional trainer.	female
"In that same year, whilst still working at Triple J, she also became host of a Nine Network children's show, What's Up Doc?. "	 Rowntree went on to become the show's writer/producer.	female
Sometimes the author is in fact a composite or a team: Marjorie Proops's name appeared (with photo) long after she retired. 	" The nominal writer may be a pseudonym, or in effect a brand name; the accompanying picture may bear little resemblance to the actual author."	female
She then attended Queen's College of the City University of New York where she obtain degrees in French. 	" Chikwe became a radio journalist, editor and a publisher."	female
"Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), getting as many girls vaccinated as early and as quickly as possible will reduce the cases of cervical cancer among middle-aged women in 30 to 40 years and reduce the transmission of this highly communicable infection. "	" Barriers include the limited understanding by many people that HPV causes cervical cancer, the difficulty of getting pre-teens and teens into the doctor's office to get a shot, and the high cost of the vaccine ($120/dose, $360 total for the three required doses, plus the cost of doctor visits)."	female
DioGuardi has worked with many popular artists; sales of albums on which her songs appear exceed 160 million worldwide. 	 DioGuardi served as a judge on American Idol for its eighth and ninth seasons.	female
She attended Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Johnson's School. 	" From 1893 to 1896, Weil worked as an editor and reader at Macmillan publishing house."	female
"She has authored, co-authored, or contributed to many books. "	 Mitton's career has focused on bringing astronomy to the public - both adults and children - as a writer.	female
The victory of Valla was important for the Fascist regime and the hostility of many leaders for the participation of women in athletic competitions started to decrease. 	" Mussolini used the victory of the Italian athlete for propaganda, as a demonstration of the strength of the Italian race."	female
The most common concern for transgender women is their pitch and speaking fundamental frequency (SFF) (the average frequency produced in a connected speech sample) because they typically perceive a feminine voice as using a higher pitch. 	 A speech-language pathologist will work with the individual to raise their pitch and provide therapeutic exercises.	female
She also dubbed the singing voices of Ariel in Disney's The Little Mermaid and Esmeralda in The Hunchback of Notre Dame for German-speaking audiences. 	" A painter in the neoclassical style, Lemper's paintings have been showcased in numerous galleries."	female
"Laura Grimond was also the sister of another life peer, Mark Bonham Carter, (1922–1994) who was the victor of the 1958 by-election at Torrington. "	 Grimond was also a prolific writer of pamphlets: see the McManus biography (below) for a complete list of publications.	female
This suited Lynn very well since at one time she was the weight training coach for tennis superstar Martina Navratilova. 	" Later, Conkwright worked as the director of Weider Athlete Promotions and managed Weider contracted athletes."	female
"Several years later, Döll began her research on global and regional modeling of water availability and use at the University of Kassel. "	" Döll is currently a professor of hydrology and researcher at the Institute of Physical Geography, Goethe University Frankfurt."	female
She studied social work as a Masters student following her move to Buenos Aires at the Universidad de Buenos Aires. 	" During the mornings, Sánchez worked as an administrator."	female
"After graduating, she worked and studied at Grazia Deruta Majolica Pottery, the Artists’ Union of Russia, Tomsk State University and Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity. "	" Drysdale is a painter, a colourist, whose chosen canvases are ceramics."	female
"By Kovac's own account, she was one of the first in her family to attend and graduate from university, Oberlin College. "	" From 1981 to 1983, Kovac was employed as a chemist working on carbon-based materials."	female
"An acquaintance of the Countess of Werdenberg, she works for the Mitleid corporation and tries to change the sky back to its original shape, which she succeeds in doing. "	" Professor Enuma dies, after the tower collapses."	female
"She is also on the Advisory board of the Shaharit think tank, leadership incubator, and community organizing hub. "	" Pedaya is a prolific writer of art criticism, opinion journalism, and social analysis, in particular about Mizrahi issues."	female
"She also said, I enjoyed being in the band immensely, I’m glad I did it. "	 Berenyi later worked for a magazine as a sub-editor and did not perform for many years.	female
She became part of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Birmingham as a research fellow in the Centre for the Study of Global Ethics in 2001. 	" Widdows has continued to work there since, becoming a lecturer in 2003, senior lecturer in 2005, and professor of global ethics in 2009."	female
"In 1973, she left Maki and founded a new party, Aki (Hebrew: אקי, an acronym for Opozitzia Komunistit Yisraelit (Hebrew: אופוזיציה קומוניסטית ישראלית), lit. "	" Israeli Communist Opposition), serving as editor of its monthly paper."	female
"Though she was not part of the 1991 World Championship team, Dawes continued to move up on the national and international scene throughout 1991 and 1992. "	 The crowd pleasing athlete placed 4th at the 1992 Olympic trials and was awarded a place on the United States Olympic team.	female
Tilling moved to the School of Social and Community Medicine at the University of Bristol in 2002 where she was appointed as senior lecturer and then reader in medical statistics. 	 Tilling was promoted to professor of medical statistics in 2011.	female
	 Pisier was credited as a co-writer of the screenplay.	female
"As a result, they forced Gutsu's younger teammate Galiyeva to forfeit her place in the final so that Gutsu could compete. "	" Galiyeva was forced to claim a severe knee injury, which was verified by the team physician."	female
She later decided in her late teens to use the two names to create her stage name. 	" Holofernes was not only the lead singer and guitarist of Wir sind Helden, but also the writer of the lyrics for the band's songs."	female
"In 2010, she published A Review of Building Evacuation Models: 2nd Edition which reviews different egress drills in order to decide which is appropriate for a given building or situation. "	 Kuligowski was an editor for Pedestrian and Evacuation Dynamics (Springer 2011) in addition to SFPE (Society of Fire Protection Engineers) Handbook of Fire Protection Engineering (Springer 2016).	female
"In 2017, she was inducted into the Cal Athletic Hall of Fame. "	" Schott later worked as the assistant director of Tualatin Hills United Soccer Club, and coached as part of the Oregon Olympic Development Program."	female
The women's 4 × 150 metres relay event at the 1967 European Indoor Games was held on 11 and 12 March in Prague. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 150 metres track.	female
The women's 4 × 180 metres relay event at the 1972 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Grenoble. 	 Each athlete ran one lap of the 180 metres track.	female
She learned to speak Russian so she could visit the Soviet Union. 	 Janeway was a judge for the National Book Awards in 1955 and for the Pulitzer Prize in 1971.	female
Tarbell initially turned him down so she could continue working on the Roland biography but McClure was determined. 	" Instead of taking up the editor position at McClure's, Tarbell began writing freelance articles for the magazine."	female
"Palau's Ngerak Florencio ranked ahead of her (12.76 seconds), in a heat led by United States' Lauryn Williams. "	" Overall, Kamissoko was 2.06 seconds behind the slowest athlete that progressed, therefore not advancing to the quarter-finals."	female
Browne encouraged her dancers to also choreograph for the company and created works herself that reflected her humanistic viewpoints. 	" Browne worked in the company as artistic director, resident choreographer and teacher."	female
She also took proactive role in the Civil Disobedience Movement of 1932 and Non Cooperation Movement of 1920- 21. 	 Saikiani was also a noted poet and prolific writer.	female
	" The judge ruled that the RIAA's withdrawal of the case--after one and a half years of litigation--did not immunize it from possible liability for attorneys fees, holding that the defendant was a prevailing party under the Copyright Act."	female
She qualified in 1990 as a professor at the University of Hamburg and was promoted to a level C-3 professor in 1996. 	" Five years later, Beisiegel qualified as a level C-4 professor and became director of the Institute of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf."	female
"In Haaretz, she criticized the tenure promotion of Barnard College anthropologist Nadia Abu El-Haj over a book that Weiss alleged caricatured Israeli archaeologists. "	" From 2011 to 2013, Weiss was senior news and politics editor at Tablet."	female
"Doors of her home were always open to those in need of help, she received hundreds of people every year, biographer Kizimova wrote. "	 The singer's tactfulness and restraint were a matter of legends.	female
She is occasionally seen presenting the 6pm news during summer. 	 Azzopardi joined the Nine Network's news service Nine News in 2009 as a political journalist located in Canberra.	female
In the 1989 general election she defeated three other candidates to keep her seat. 	 As Minister Osterman rejected recommendations from an Assistant Deputy Minister Darwish regarding the insolvent state of Principal Group subsidiaries.	female